Castaspella: Glimmer, come at once. We need you in the War Room right away! There's no time to waste. You must make a decision.

Adora: We're here for you.

Glimmer: That one!


Castaspella: The Future Queen has spoken. At Glimmer's coronation, we will be serving – ice cream cake!


Glimmer: People are starting to arrive. I can't believe this is really my coronation day. Me. Queen Glimmer. Ugh. It sounds so weird.

Bow: Queen Glimmer. Queen Glimmer. Queen Glimmer! Yeah, that's going to take some getting used to.

Glimmer: I just... never thought it would actually happen.

Adora: Hey don't worry. You've got me and Bow beside you all the way. We'll make sure this day is perfect.

Glimmer: Yeah, you're right. We've got this. Do I look okay?

Adora: Like a queen.

Castaspella: Here you all are! What are you standing around for? The guests are starting to arrive! Come on! There's so much to do!


Adora: I'm worried about Glimmer.

Bow: Must be hard celebrating with Angella being gone.

Adora: It's her coronation. This should be a perfect day for Glimmer. We'll make it perfect. All we have to do is keep her mind off –

Bow: Angella?

Adora: Off everything, yes. Now come on!


Castaspella: So, the ceremony begins with the Ritual Quest, followed by your first speech as queen and most importantly, the whole thing ends with a Grand Ball!

Adora: (gasps) Oh, there's a quest! We're great at quests.

Castaspella: Yes, the Quest of Queens, in which Glimmer will forge her connection to the Moonstone. The Moonstone's power has been balanced between you and your mother since you were born, but now, with her... her absent...

Bow: So, about that quest! We're great at quests, right guys?

Castaspella: Yes, it's all in the scrolls. Secret ritual, witnesses, light, etcetera, etcetera.


Castaspella: Oh, and you'll need this. (gasps) Are those the flower arrangements? Glimmer, what do you think?

Glimmer: Oh, uh, they're, uh, fine?

Castaspella: You're right, they're awful! Burn them at once. Also, you're fired.

Glimmer: Aunt Casta, you don't ...

Castaspella: Don't you worry about a thing. In addition to being a powerful sorceress, I am also a legendary party-planner. This will be a coronation for the ages! Glimmer, take us to the terrace!


Castaspella: Oh, we're-- We're walking, are we? Great. We can use the exercise.

Frosta: What do you think? I wanted to do something special for you.

Glimmer: This is going to be awful.

Frosta: Awful inspiring, right? I can make more!

Glimmer: I appreciate the idea. But I need someone for a very important job to, uh, greet the guests.

Frosta: Oh, you need a bouncer! I'm on it! Bouncer!

Glimmer: Wait, I didn't say bouncer. Okay.

Castaspella: Glimmer! I need your opinion on color schemes.

Glimmer: Uh...blue? What about purple?

Castaspella: Excellent choice. Isn't this fun? Soon you will have to make many decisions, just like your mother... That is, uh-- Chop, chop, everyone! Adora, move the ice sculpture to the side! We still need flower arrangements! Where is that florist?

Glimmer: You fired him.

Castaspella: Oh, right. Perhaps you'd like to do the flowers, Glimmer?

Glimmer: Uhhh


Bow: Hmm. (groans)

Glimmer: you know, I bet Mermista would love to do the flowers! Right Mermista?

Mermista: Wow, how did you know? Flower arranging is my passion.

Castaspella: Ah! Wonderful! Now let's talk stem length.

Perfuma: (crying) What? No! Why?

Swift Wind: Is now a good time to talk about my song for the coronation? I will require a stage, and oats for the backup horses.

Frosta: Stop bothering Glimmer! Bouncer!


Adora: Hey! I think it's all really coming together, don't you?


Adora: yep, it's gonna be perfect! What else we need to do, Bow?

Bow: Still don't know what the lantern is for! This is all so official and confusing. And it says Glimmer needs to wear some ceremonial robe. But I don't know where to get that!

Glimmer: Maybe if we all looked together--

Adora: Don't worry! We will find it!

Glimmer: But –

Adora: The two of us will find it for you.

Castaspella: Glimmer, you're needed in the Dining Room at once to choose the napkin folding technique! I'm thinking swans, what do you think?

Glimmer: Uh...I...

Castaspella: You're right, it's a terrible idea. I should just fire myself.

Glimmer: Aunt Casta, no –


Castaspella: Mermista! Vases!

Mermista: Don't stifle my creativity!

Castaspella: Uhg. Please.

Adora: It's okay, we will handle everything. You go have fun!

Glimmer: Fun. Right.



Catra: Hordak. Our troops are just sitting around. What are we waiting for? We need to talk about plans for--

Hordak: Plans? (laughs) Your last plan was to set off the portal machine before it was ready. Do you remember how that ended?

Catra: Whatever. It worked out for us, didn't it? The Rebellion's a mess. Their queen is gone. Now's our chance to gain the upper hand.

Hordak: And how are we going to do that when you couldn't even prevent the Rebellion from infiltrating the Fright Zone?

Catra: Yeah, like I said before, it was Entrapta who--

Hordak: I told you never to mention that name in my presence! If you are so desperate for a task, redouble our defenses so that no Princess can ever set foot in the Fright Zone again. Fortunately for you, my signal to Horde Prime went through.

Catra: Great so--

Hordak: That's the only reason you're here instead of facing punishment for your failure. Now get out!



Bow: Well, it took some searching, but we finally found the Royal Coronation Robe!

Adora: Wow, Glimmer! You look... Um

Castaspella: Oh, my little Glimmer. I'm so proud of you. I know you're going to make such a wonderful queen. Well, almost time for your quest! Give me a tick and this robe will fit like a dream!

Glimmer: Of course. The quest we still don't know anything about. But it'll be fine. Castaspella will fix the robe, Bow has the lantern, and I'll have you guys by my side the whole way. Right?

Bow: Umm... Right! Hey, um, Adora, can I talk to you real quick? I don't know where the lantern is! Glimmer can't do the quest without it, and she can't be queen without the quest! I've doomed the entire kingdom!

Adora: Bow, calm down! We just have to find the lantern, and Glimmer will be none the wiser. It has to be around here somewhere, right? This day is going to be perfect!

Shadow Weaver: There's no need to be alarmed. I'm a guest now. Can't you tell? Please, convey my best wishes to our new queen. I hope you two are till close. Power changes people.

Adora: Glimmer is a good friend. She'll be a good queen, too.

Shadow Weaver: Hmm. I hope for your sake, you're right.

Frosta: Adora, I've been freezing anyone trying to sneak in, but I'm running out of space to put them.


Adora: Unfreeze him right now!



Perfuma: Hmmm! Mermista, um, flowers are sort of my thing.

Mermista: Uh, it's art and it's what Glimmer wants. New queen, new era.

Frosta: Stop fighting! You're ruining Glimmer's big day! Bouncer!

Bow: Okay, has anyone seen a sacred lantern?

Mermista: Yeah. There.


Adora: Oh! We've been looking all over for it! Thanks, Swifty.

Swift Wind: And I'll present it to Queen Glimmer. And she'll be all, 'Swift Wind, why don't you sing the coronation song you made up?”

Swift Wind: Queen Glimmer – It's your day – we're all excited for you -

Mermista: Glimmer, can you please tell Perfuma to stop questioning your wise judgment?

Glimmer: What? I'm not--

Frosta: Where do you keep the blankets? Sea Hawk is whining about being frozen.

Glimmer: Why did you free...?

Castaspella: Glimmer, the quest is due to begin. Where's the lantern?

Swift Wind: I have it! And now, my song!

Perfuma: Everyone knows Glimmer would be happier with me on flowers!

Mermista: Glimmer obviously disagrees.

Castaspella: Glimmer, your guests are waiting.

Frosta: Everyone, stop bothering Glimmer. She has a ton on her plate...

(everyone speaking at once)

Glimmer: Everyone, just stop!

(ice sculpture cracks)

(all gasp, exclaim)

Castaspella: Glimmer, we will fix all of this.

Glimmer: Let's just get this over with.


Catra: What are you doing in here?

Scorpia: Oh, uh--

Catra: You heard Hordak. He wants all this junk disposed of as soon as possible.

Scorpia: Hey, so, I know you made a heat of the moment decision which I totally get, but, um, you didn't really want Entrapta to stay on Beast Island forever. Anyway, I was thinking we cold go back and get her? I mean, she is our friend.

Catra: Entrapta betrayed us, and got what she deserved.

Scorpia: But she didn't betray us. She wanted to save us from the portal. And she was right, if Adora hadn't shut it down--


Catra: Entrapta betrayed Hordak. As for the portal, it left the Rebellion in shambles, and that means it worked. Got it? Good. Now, get this place cleared out.

Scorpia: It's okay. You can come out.


Scorpia: Hey there, Emily. Don't worry. I won't let anything happen to you.


Castaspella: We are gathered here today to witness the crowning of Queen Glimmer of Bright Moon as she completes the Quest of Queens and begins her reign as our new leader. She will be accompanied by two witnesses, Master Archer Bow, and Adora, She-Ra, Princess of Power. Let the light guide you and go forth in peace and safety to emerge as Queen of Bright Moon.

Adora: So, quest! Heh. We're good at quests.

Glimmer: Can we just do this, please? I don't want to think about flowers, or colors, or stupid decisions. And we're bad at quests.

Bow: Wow. I can't believe these tunnels have been underneath our feet all this time.

Adora: So, how deep down do you think we are?

Glimmer: Okay, what's with you guys? Stop acting like this!

Adora: Like what?

Glimmer: Like-- Like-- Like this!

Adora: Glimmer, we're just--

Glimmer: Whatever. None of this even matters!

Bow: Wait, look!


Bow: I think-- I think this is the Chamber of Queens!

Adora: Look!

Bow: That altar. I read about that in the scroll. I think it's for the lantern.


Adora: Is this part of the quest?

Bright Moon's guardian: (roars)

Bow: Teeth! Giant Teeth!



Glimmer: The lantern!

Adora: Glimmer!

Bow: Glimmer!



Adora: The scroll didn't mention a giant angry monster living in the tunnels under Bright Moon?

Bow: Come to think of it, I might remember some mention of a Bright Moon guardian that we'd have to subdue.

Adora: Bow!

Bow: It was confusingly worded!

Adora: We need to get out of here. Come on, teleport us out!

Glimmer: I-- I can't teleport!

Adora: Glimmer!

Bow: What? Why not?

Glimmer: I haven't been recharging my powers!

Bow: What!

Adora: What!

Glimmer: Recharging would mean taking the Moonstone's full power for myself. It would mean... admitting that she's really gone. Everyone is already acting like she doesn't matter. It's like no one remembers her. No one cares. We're having a coronation because she's gone, and everyone is acting like it's a fun party and it's not.

Adora: Of course it's not. I just thought talking about it... About her. It hurts. I'm supposed to take care of you, Glimmer. It's the last thing she asked me to do. I wanted to make today perfect. But I...

Bow: We just don't know what to do.

Glimmer: I don't know either. But maybe we can still figure it out. Together.

Adora: Whatever path you choose, we'll always be there, right beside you.

Glimmer: Even if that path leads to a giant crystal monster?

Adora: Especially if the path leads to a giant crystal monster.

Bow: Nothing we can't handle. We're great at quests.

Glimmer: (laughs) Then come on. Let's do this.

Adora: For the Honor of Grayskull!


Glimmer: Hey! Over here!

Bow: Glimmer!

Adora: Run!

Glimmer: No. I'm Queen Glimmer of Bright Moon, and you will leave my friends alone.


Angella Hologram: Glimmer?

Glimmer: (gasps) Mom?

Angella Hologram: Glimmer, You are walking in the footsteps of all those who have come before us. Now, my darling, it's your turn. I wish I didn't have to leave you. But I know you will be all right. Because you are Glimmer, and you are so, so strong. I have done my best to prepare you to rule, but you were always ready to lead. I am so proud of you, Glimmer. I love you.

Glimmer: I love you too mom.

Bow: You okay, Your Majesty?

Glimmer: As long as you two are with me, I am. Now come on, let's get out of here.

Bright Moon citizens (gasp)

Glimmer (gasps) : This place looks amazing!

Frosta: We wanted it to be perfect for you.

Perfuma: So we worked together to finish.

Mermista: That was my idea.

Castaspella: Glimmer, it's time.

Glimmer: I'm here today because Queen Angella, my mother, sacrificed herself to save Etheria. We can't let her bravery be in vain. But there's so much we still need to do. Hordak is still in power, and we know there's an even larger Horde army out there somewhere. We can't let them win. It's time for us to take back our home. Together we will push out the Horde, once and for all!


Bow: Yeah! Wooo!

Catra: purring


Catra: Hey, Hordak.

Hordak: What do you think you're doing?



Hordak: How dare you.

Catra: Missing something? Looks like you're ready to listen.

Hordak: When I finish with you...

Catra: Hey, cheer up, boss. You said it yourself. Big, bad Horde Prime got your signal. Don't you want to conquer Etheria before he gets here? He doesn't sound like the type to accept failure.

Hordak: What do you want?

Catra: We're done with your little vanity projects. It's time to crush the Rebellion, for good. And you're going to help me do that. I think you and I are going to do great things together.
