Busgirl: Oh, I got it

Soda Pop: Don't forget this.


Baker: Oh, buttered biscuits.  I'll never get used to these things.

Soda Pop: At least I don't have to get lost in that maze of hers anymore.


Entrapta: A pig.  So cute.


Entrapta: Log.  Day 103. 104? No, definitely 103.    First Ones artifact number 58 has yielded a treasure trove of intact code.    If I can successfully translate it, it could hold the secrets of the First Ones.


Entrapta: Fascinating, my roots seem to be responding to the code.    This is remarkable.    Could this be my biggest step yet in making ancient and modern technology truly compatible?

Entrapta: Edit to log, I am now going to run.

Glimmer: Princess Entrapta will be a total catch for the Rebellion.  My mother is going to be so impressed!

Adora: Uh, I'm all for impressing Angella, but why is Entrapta so important?

Bow: She's a brilliant inventor.  She makes robots and rehabs old tech left by the First Ones.  She's a pretty big deal in the Etherian makers community. Which I am a part of, because I dabble in gadgetry myself.

Adora: [whispering to G] What does any of that mean?

Glimmer: It means, if we convince Entrapta to join the Rebellion, she'll invent all sorts of cool junk for us.  And then we'll finally have weapons that can stand up to the Horde's.

Bow: Like my trick arrows!  I'm running low so I built some new ones. This one is a stun arrow.  This one is an emergency flare.  And this one, this one's just pointy. And here is my newest one. Sonic arrow!

Glimmer: [laughs] When will we ever need a sonic arrow.  If we have to wake up really early?

Adora: [laughs] Or if we get separated in a crowd?

Bow: "Separated in a crowd".  I bet Entrapta will like my arrows.


Bow: Must have been a rock slide.  Any loud sound could cause another slide. We need to be as quiet as -

Adora: FOR THE HONOR OF GRAYSKULL!


She-Ra: Ha! I'm getting the hang of this.

Bow: That was incredibly dangerous.

She-Ra: What's the big deal? It worked.

Bow: You can't just bust through everything with magic.  She-Ra could have caused an avalanche.

She-Ra: But she didn't, OK?  I've spent my whole life without powers.  No way I'm going to stop using them now.


Bow: Whoa, she's got lightning.

Glimmer: Something's wrong.  The castle's distress beacon is lit.  They must be under attack.

She-Ra: There's been no reports of the Horde in this area.

Bow: No, be careful!



Glimmer: You okay?

She-Ra: This place feels wrong... It's nothing.


She-Ra: Hey, who's there?

Glimmer: Hello?  Princess Entrapta.  We're here to, uh, recruit you for the Rebellion.


Bow: Okay, we need to be careful.  Entrapta has traps set up all over her castle.  They're supposed to be really cool.



Random person from sewer: They're coming.  Get out of the square.

She-Ra: Who's coming?  Is it the Horde?

Glimmer: Hello?  Come back.

Glimmer: I'm thinking we should probably move away from whatever is making that sound.

She-Ra: This way.


She-Ra: What the-


Bow: Looks like one of Entrapta's designs.  Why would it attack us?

She-Ra: Alright, stand back.

Bow: Careful, it could be a-


Bow: Glimmer!  Adora!



Glimmer: Bow!  He's all alone with those things!  He needs us!

She-Ra: We have to get out of here first.

Glimmer: Come on, I'll teleport us out.

She-Ra: Uh, is this out?

Glimmer: Ugh.



She-Ra: Okay, no more teleporting from now on. Glimmer: Sounds like a good idea.



Glimmer: Not again. Entrapta: Princesses!  I'm saved!


Glimmer: Princess Entrapta?  I mean, so good to see you.  I hope you don't mind, but we sort of let ourselves in.

She-Ra: And then we let ourselves out of your cage, trap thing.

Entrapta: Welcome to Dryl!    Things are usually really fun around here, but right now it's all kind of teensy bit deadly.


Bow: Let me go.

Soda Pop: Please keep your voice down sir.     The robots respond to sound.

Baker: We're just trying to help you.

Bow: Oh, thanks?  What's going on?  Why are the robots attacking people?

Busgirl: We don't know.  We're just the kitchen staff.

Baker: Miniature cupcake? Princess Entrapta only eats tiny food.

Soda Pop: And delicious fizzy beverages.

Bow: Uh, thank you?

Baker: You'll be safe in here with us.  We've got enough food to last for months.  It's tiny, but still.

Busgirl: The bots will run out of power eventually, right?

Bow: We need to do something.  You can't just hide in here forever.

Busgirl: Oh yes we can.  We don't have powers like the princesses.  We can't - fight.

Soda Pop: Sir, kindly quiet your whatever that is.

Bow: It's a tracker pad.  It tracks energy signatures from magic.    It will help me find my friends.

Baker: Are those little dot thingies your friends?

Bow: Gonna go with no.



Entrapta: You're lucky I found you.  I designed the castle as a labyrinth.  I'm the only one who can navigate it.

Glimmer: Which means you can help us find our friend?

Entrapta: Absolutely

She-Ra: Is she sure about that?

Glimmer: Hi, um, I think we passed this picture already.

Entrapta: Oh, isn't it cute? You might be right.  I usually have my electronic map to get around.  But, well, like my bots it's sort of evil right now.

Glimmer: Yeah, about that-

She-Ra: Why did you invent killer robots?

Entrapta: You're abnormally tall.  Hello! I like your sword.  It's First One tech, right?  Can I touch it?

She-Ra: Uh, thank you, yes, and no, not right now.

Glimmer: About the killer robots?

Entrapta: They didn't start out that way.  Usually they're super useful.  They do almost everything for me.  Cleaning, filing, basic hygiene.  Oh, and they're sound activated.  Here, I'll show you!

Glimmer: Uh, can we maybe not do that?

Entrapta: [laughs] Isn't it adorable?

Entrapta: It's trying to talk!

Glimmer: Whatever it's saying, I don't think it's good.

She-Ra: Make it stop.

Glimmer: Make what stop?

Entrapta: Bot 329 is attempting to communicate.

[Entrapta's hair gets caught in bot]

Entrapta: Oh no, bad bot.

She-Ra: Princess!


Glimmer: She-Ra!  Stop!

Turn it off, turn it off!



Baker: Oh, the door won't hold much longer.

Bow: Almost done.

Soda Pop: Are you sure about this?

Baker: Uh, you guys

Bow: Now!

Baker: Here goes nothing.


Soda Pop: Shoot it already.

Bow: I can't, it's a sonic arrow, it'll draw more bots.

Busgirl: Is it over?  I did that?  Hey, I did that!

Bow: Nice work, now let's find my friends!  Come on.

Glimmer: Adora?  Wake up, please wake up!

Entrapta: The tall one seems infected too.  She turned less tall. How does it work?

Glimmer: She's not an it, she's my friend. And what do you mean she's infected too?

Entrapta: It's really fascinating. I've been experimenting with a disc that was recovered from a mine in Dryl. It was a game-changer. It held more complete First One's code than anything I've ever seen before. But it seems to have reacted with the First Ones tech that powers my bots. It infected them with some sort of a virus.

Glimmer: But why would it make She-Ra sick?

Entrapta: Well, I'd have to take her apart to be sure.    But since her sword is First One's tech, it must have spread through that.

Glimmer: First, you're not taking her apart. She is a PERSON!    Second, if we destroy this disc, will that turn off the bots and stop the virus?

Entrapta: Destroy it? But the experiment isn't complete!

Glimmer: I think we can safely say that this experiment is a failure!

Entrapta: But what if it's not- no, you're right, it's a failure.

Adora: Glimmer, there's two of you.  That's nice.

Glimmer: How are you feeling?

Adora: Just peachy.  Why are we whispering?

Glimmer: Sound activates the robots.

Adora: What ROBOTS?

Glimmer: The ones that are attacking us.

Adora: Oh, those robots.  Okay, I'm going to take a nap now.

Glimmer: No no no no, stay awake, we have to go to Entrapta's lab and destroy this disc thing and then you'll be all better again.

Adora: Better?  I'm fine.  I'm She-Ra.  [laughs] Hi, Glimmer.

Glimmer: Come on, we've got to get to your lab.  She's getting worse.


Entrapta: A-ha!


Entrapta: Oh, we're here.  I mean, uh, of course we're here.  We were never lost.



Entrapta: Wow, the door is infected too, it won't let us in.  That is so smart.  And awful.  We're all going to die.

Glimmer: It's okay, I've got this one.  I'll just teleport into the lab.

Entrapta: Ooo, teleportation.  How does that work?  Tell me everything.

Glimmer: Sure, but maybe later, when we're not, like, facing a robot uprising.

Entrapta: It's a date.

Glimmer: I'll be right back.

Adora: Okay, I'm just gonna wait here.

Glimmer: That was not such a great plan.  The lab is very full of robots.

Entrapta: How did they look?

Glimmer: Pretty evil.  I couldn't get anywhere near the disc.

Bow: Aw, he's kind of cute.    Uh, guys, a little help? [robot attacks Bow, Busgirl defeats it, tracker pad beeps] Soda Pop: Please don't say it's more bots.

Bow: No, that's Glimmer teleporting.  I know where Glimmer and Adora are.  Uh oh, that's not good. We have to do something, we have to save them.

Busgirl: Oh no, sir, no thank you.

Soda Pop: It's one thing to fight them off out of necessity, but to seek out danger?  It's madness.  Pardon me.

Baker: Look, they're princesses, they have powers.  I make baked goods.

Bow: Sure, we don't have powers like the princess, but that never stopped me, and  it doesn't have to stop you.

Baker: But you're a master archer, we're just ordinary people.

Bow: I'm a master archer who's out of arrows, but that never stopped me either. You each have a skill that only you can do, even if it doesn't come from some magical jewel.  You say you're just ordinary people, I say you're warriors of the Rebellion!

Baker: To the Rebellion!

Entrapta: Incredible development, the bots seem to be working together.

Glimmer: Right now, I think that's a bad thing.  We need to find another way into the lab.

Entrapta: The air duct, we can use that.

Entrapta: I don't suppose you have any other magical powers that could be useful right now?

Glimmer: I don't have enough energy to teleport us all.  Not without leaving someone's legs behind.

Entrapta: I'll give up one of mine if you give up one of yours.


Glimmer: It's Bow!

Adora: Yay, there's a rainbow!


Bow: Nice!

Glimmer: Bow!  You're okay!  I was so worried.

Bow: Big fan of your work, Princess Entrapta.  Uh, maybe not this work, exactly, but your other work.

Entrapta: Hi.

Adora: Hi

Bow: You okay, Adora?

Adora: Oh, yeah, sure, I'm totally

Glimmer: Entrapta was experimenting with First One's tech, and it infected all of her machines with some kind of virus, and She-Ra's sword got infected to and made Adora all, oh, weird. I teleported into the lab and it's full of bots and maybe we She-Ra we'd have a chance, but without her, it's hopeless.

Bow: We don't need She-Ra.  We can do this together.


Bow: Okay, where's the disc?

Entrapta: How fascinating.  It has completed protected itself.

Bow: We have to find a way to turn it off.

Adora: Hey, guys, I've found the bots.

Glimmer: Adora!

Glimmer: Shhh

Bow: Glimmer!

Baker: We'll get your friends.  You two get that disc turned off.

Bow: Keep 'em busy.


Busgirl: We got your back, princesses.

Bow: That's not gonna work.  How do we shut the computer down? Entrapta: Ha!  The power conduit!

Glimmer: You dumb bots, you're going the wrong way!  Bow, watch out!

Bow: Uh, why isn't the computer turning off.

Entrapta: [laughs] It's running on its own power now!  That's it.  We need to get outta here and burn this place to the ground.  Experiment officially failed.

Bow: Wait, I have an idea.

Bow: Now's your chance sonic arrow!  I believe in you!

Adora: Where am I?  What's happening?

Glimmer: Thanks, former tall one, and companions, for saving our lives.  I would be honored to join your Rebellion and provide you with weapons.

Bow: Thanks, guys. You saved us all back there.  The Rebellion needs regular people now more than ever.

Busgirl: We are ready.


Glimmer: So, maybe you had a point before.

Bow: What?  I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you.

Adora: I think what Glimmer is trying to say is that you were right, we can't always rely on our powers.

Bow: Ooohhh, is that what you were trying to say Glimmer?  That I was right?

Glimmer: Yes.

Bow: And my sonic arrow was a great idea?

Glimmer: Yes, it was brilliant, and you were totally right, okay?

Adora: If you hadn't come, the bots would have gotten us for sure.  And, I didn't know that She-Ra could get sick like that.  What if it happens again?

Bow: It won't.  We destroyed that evil, She-Ra hating disc.

Adora: Good, I never want to feel that way again.

Glimmer: Thanks for saving us, Bow.

Bow: All in a day's work for Bow and his band of Kitchen Knights! His Baking Brigade! Pastry Patrol!  I'm still working that out.

Glimmer: Oh, look at that rock just staring at us.      Boy, that rock really needs smashing.  And since She-Ra's not sick anymore, she should probably smash it!

Adora: A-ha!  What?  it's practise.  For the honor of Grayskull!


Entrapta: Log.  Day 105.  104?  Eh.    The last experiment hit a few bumps, but it was not a total failure.  I made some important discoveries.  The disc is way more powerful than I ever imagined.    With a few adjustments, I'm sure the next experiment will be a success.
