
Adora (mumbling in her sleep)

Shadow Weaver's disembodied voice: Adora

Adora (gasps)

Bow (yawns): Good morning Glimmer.

Glimmer: Noooo. It's too early. Five more minutes.

Bow: But it's a beautiful morning.

Glimmer: Today's cancelled. Go back to bed. I can feel you staring at me. Why is it the one who snores is always the first one to fall asleep?

Bow: What? I don't snore. Adora, do I snore? Adora?

Adora (gasps)

Glimmer: Sorry, too early to teleport.

Bow: What are we looking at?

Adora: I don't know. I heard a noise in the woods last night. And I thought I saw something.

Glimmer: What? Like a bunny? Maybe a butterfly? Adora, did you get any sleep at all?

Adora: Someone has to stand guard.

Glimmer: Okay, I know you're on edge because of what happened with Entrapta's infected robots, but it's all over now. You've got to relax. You need a vacation. Which is why we're going to Mystacor.

Bow (gasps): Mystacor? No way.

Adora: Wait, what's Mystacor?

Glimmer: It's a secret floating kingdom that's home to all of Etheria's sorcerers. It's got tranquil gardens, beautiful beaches and healing springs. And my aunt Castaspella just happens to be the head sorceress there.

Bow: You'll love it Adora. Plus you won't have to worry about evil things in the woods. Mystacor is protected by an invisibility spell, so evil can't find it.

Glimmer: It's the safest and most peaceful place in all of Etheria. We'll have you relaxed in no time.

Adora: You know I've never relaxed in my life, right?

Bow: Well, we're here to change that. Just wait.




Catra: Shadow Weaver, you wanted to see me?

Shadow Weaver: Ah. Force Captain. How kind of you to join me.

Catra: What's up with you? You're being spookier than usual.

Shadow Weaver: My shadow spies have found Adora. She's on her way to Mystacor with her new friends. Mystacor. This is going to be too easy.

Catra: Another Adora mission. Fine. When do I leave?

Shadow Weaver: The only place you're headed is outside my door to stand guard. I'm going to use my magic to go after Adora myself. You will see that I am not disturbed. Clearly, no one else can be trusted to bring her back to the Horde, least of all you. Now go. I said, go!



Shadow Weaver: From the farthest reaches of Etheria, I command you, be as one!



Glimmer: We're here!

Adora: We're on a cliff, overlooking a thousand foot drop.

Glimmer: Yes we are, but not for long.

Glimmer and Bow: Woo-hoo!

Adora: Uh, guys?

Bow: C'mon Adora, jump.


Bow: Oh, ouch. You okay?

Adora: I'm fine. I thought I saw (sighs) I must be stressed.

Glimmer: Hang in there Adora. Next stop, Mystacor.

Bow: We rode a flying mountain through clouds. It never gets old.

Adora: Uh, sure, yea, heh. It was great.

Glimmer: Just so you know, my aunt Casta can be a lot. But don't worry, I know how to handle her.

Castaspella: Is that my Glimmer?

Glimmer: Hi, aunt Casta.

Castaspella: It's been so long since you've come to visit. And Bow. And who's this?

Glimmer: This is my friend Adora. She's sometimes and 8 foot tall warrior woman named She-Ra. So, don't get freaked out when it happens.

Adora: Hi.

Castaspella: Adora. How nice Glimmer has started making some new friends. We were all so pleased when she started bringing Bow around. I was sure she had made him up at first. (laughs) Oh, you've done something to your hair.

Glimmer: What? Yes, I cut it.

Castaspella: I can see that. I also see you're not wearing the sweater I knitted for you. Don't you like it?

Glimmer: Sure, I like it. It's great. It's just... it's a little warm for sweaters right now.

Castaspella: But you'd tell me if you didn't like it.

Glimmer: Yes, I'd tell you.

Bow: I'm wearing the socks you sent me.

Castaspella: Well, I've always been fond of this one. So, what brings you all the way out here to visit your aunt? Is it once in a blue moon already? (laughs)

Glimmer: We're on a diplomatic mission, Auntie. I'm rebuilding the Princess Alliance and...

Castaspella: My goodness, you must be starving. I'll have a feast prepared. I'm sure your mother hasn't been feeding you.



Adora: Wow.

Castaspella: You've come at the perfect time, there's an eclipse this evening. I'm headed right now to inspect the lunarium for the ceremony. And nothing would make me happier than to give my favorite niece and her friends a tour.

Glimmer: Uh, Bow and I have had the tour before. And we don't want to get in your way.

Bow: It's all right Glimmer. Adora hasn't seen it. It'll be fun.

Castaspella: Oh, well, I guess it's up to Adora then. What do you say my dear?

Adora: Uh, sure.

Castaspella: Oh, I like her.



Adora: Wow.

Castaspella: The lunar lenses. We use them in the monthly ceremonies to renew Mystacor's magic defenses and keep us shielded from the outside world. You will be coming to the Eclipse Ceremony tonight, won't you?

Glimmer: Aunt Casta, I've seen the ceremony dozens of times. And we're all really tired from travelling. Maybe we'll skip it this time?

Castaspella: Nonsense. You're friend Adora hasn't seen it, and it's quite a sight to behold for a newcomer. Besides, don't you want to spend more time with your aunt?

Glimmer: Of course. But we also really wanted to show Adora the beach.

Castaspella: Well, if the beach is the only reason you're here, I really shouldn't keep you, should I? I certainly don't want to waste your time.

Glimmer: Auntie, I didn't mean it that way.



Bow: Adora.

Castaspella: Well, someone is enthusiastic. Ah, yes. The hall of sorcerers. These are the Great Ones that led Mystacor through the ages. This is my Micah, my brother. We trained in these very walls together. Glimmer looks just like him you know.

Glimmer: He had a beard.

Adora: Wait, Glimmer's dad was your brother?

Bow: Adora, do you know what aunt means?

Adora: No. I was just hoping somebody would eventually explain.

Glimmer: Auntie, we're going to avenge my dad and make sure the Horde never hurts anyone else. Mom believes in us, and in She-Ra.

Castaspella: Well, if your mother believes, who am I not to? She's an angelic being after all, and I'm just a common sorceress.

Glimmer: Uhg. Please, not this again.

Castaspella: She never writes to me you know. I send letters, but do I ever get a reply?

Adora: What happened to her?

Castaspella: Light Spinner. A scar on Mystacor's past. She sought power and control above all else, and she was cast out. Although, some say she never really left. That she's only biding her time, waiting to exact her revenge. But those are only children's tales, of course. Anyway, on with the tour. Are you hungry? I've had the dinning room redone since the last time you were here, Glimmer.



Glimmer: Okay. Aunt Casta's gone to fix us a big dinner and now it's finally beach time.

Bow: You okay?

Glimmer: It's worse than we thought. You need warm sand and calming waves, stat.



Shadow Weaver: It's time for something more.



Adora: So, we just, like, lie here?

Glimmer: Absolutely. Letting your cares melt away. Didn't you do something like this to relax in the Horde?

Adora: Uh, no. We hit things.

Glimmer: Well, this is so much better. Right Bow?


Glimmer: Just try it, okay?

Adora: Okay.



Adora: Boop.

Adora: Okay.



Glimmer: This isn't working for you, is it?

Adora: No. Can I move now?

Glimmer: Yes. Clearly we're going to have to take this relaxation thing to the next level. Bow, wake up. (claps hands)

Bow: What?

Glimmer: Come on. We need to show Adora the steam grotto.

Bow: Whoo! Steam grotto.



Adora: Wow.

Bow: Right? Ah. Ooh. Ah.

Glimmer: These pools are full of magical healing minerals. The sorcerers use them to cleanse themselves of worry and fear before big ceremonies or spells. No just clear your mind. Breathe deeply. Focus on the warmth on your skin. Let your body go perfectly...



Adora: Ah.

Shadow Weaver's disembodied voice: Adora.


Adora: No, no, no, no, no! Help!

Glimmer: Adora!

Adora: Shadow Weaver's here. I saw her!

Bow: Adora, there's no one else here. You brought your sword in here? Are you ok? What happened?

Adora: Shadow Weaver was here. In the grotto. And she was in in the sorcerers hall too. I saw her shadow on the floor.

Glimmer: What are you talking about? Who is Shadow Weaver?

Adora: Shadow Weaver raised me in the Horde. She taught me how to read and tie my boots and how to subvert the enemy and be victorious in battle.

Glimmer: OK. Sure, mom stuff.

Adora: No, commanding officer stuff...and mom stuff.

Glimmer: Adora, she isn't here. She was never here. It's not possible.

Adora: But you don't know what she's capable of.

Bow: Sounds like this Shadow Weaver really did a number on you growing up. But you're okay now. You got away from her. Do you wanna try something else? We could get massages, or find you something to hit, if that would work better.

Adora: No. It's okay. I'm okay. I think I need to be alone. Clear my head.

Glimmer: You sure?

Adora: Yea.

Glimmer: Adora has finally lost it. Did you see her in there? I think she's going nuts.

Adora: I'm not crazy. I'm, I'm not crazy.



Adora: You're just a stupid statue. Pull it together Adora, there's no way Shadow Weaver can be here.



Adora: For the honor of Grayskull!

Catra's voice: Hey, Adora.

She-Ra: Catra, where are you? How did you find me here?

Catra: Nope. Getting colder.

She-Ra: Whatever you're doing, you won't get away with it. Did Shadow Weaver send you?

Catra: What do you think? Shadow Weaver controls us both. She always has.

She-Ra: Catra, wait.

She-Ra: Catra?

Hordak: The Horde had high hopes for you, Force Captain. Disappointing. Does the Rebellion truly think you can save them? Nothing can stop the Horde, least of all you.

She-Ra: Show yourself.

Hordak: You will lead them all, every Etherian, to their complete and utter annihilation. Nothing will be left of Bright Moon but smoking ruins. Your new friends buried beneath.



Castaspella: What have you done?

She-Ra: Uh,sorry. I didn't mean... I thought I just saw...

Glimmer: Adora!

Castaspella: Your friend has destroyed a thousand years worth of sacred writings. She could have destroyed the lenses that protect Mystacor.

Bow: She didn't mean to. Adora would never...

Castaspella: This is the kind of person you hang around with?

Glimmer: Auntie, wait.

Adora: Glimmer.

Glimmer: It's okay, I'll handle her.

Bow: The Horde isn't here, Adora. You need to sleep. Promise me you'll try.

Adora: Okay, I'll try.



Adora: Glimmer. Look, I'm really sorry about,

Glimmer: Save it, Adora. How could you do this? I thought you were supposed to be our friend.

Adora: I am your friend.

Glimmer: You've ruined everything I've worked for. What kind of friend does that?

Adora: Glimmer.

Glimmer: You know what? Maybe you should just go.


Glimmer: Is Adora coming?

Bow: I didn't want to wake her up. She needs to sleep.



Bow: Adora, come on, we have to get out of here now.

Adora: What's happening.

Bow: The protection spell is failing. We need to go!

Adora: Wait, stop. What do you mean failing? Where's Glimmer?

Bow: Everything that's about to happen is your fault, Adora. You're to blame.



Shadow Weaver: Adora.

Adora: Shadow Weaver!

Shadow Weaver: The eclipse is nearly over Adora. When it is, the shield will be down. The Horde will conquer Mystacor and bring you home to me.

Adora: No, I'll stop you.

Shadow Weaver: Why? To help these people? Who are they to you? They don't understand you. Just as they did not understand me when I walked among them as Light Spinner.

Adora: What?

Shadow Weaver: They feared my dark power. They'll never accept you. Not like I do.

Adora: No, no! You're wrong. For the honor of Grayskull!


Shadow Weaver: You know deep down what I say is true. You are the ambitious, cutthroat, ruthless warrior I raised you to be.

Adora: No.

Shadow Weaver: The Princesses don't care about you. They want to use you for your strength. Return now to the Fright Zone. Rule by my side.

Adora: These are my friends. They've been kind to me. Something you never were.

Shadow Weaver: I prepared you for greatness!

Adora: But you never loved me. You just played twisted mind games. I'm none of the things you say I am. I'm not like you. You are bitter and cruel, and you're the one who used me! This is who I am. You hurt my friends, so now you're gonna pay!

Shadow Weaver: It's too late. The eclipse will be over in moments. Mystacor will fall and it will be your fault.



Adora: Huh?

Shadow Weaver: I can give you Etheria. We can rule together. You were nothing before I took you in, Adora. And you will be nothing without me! You're weak!


Shadow Weaver: Adora, enough of this. Come home.


Adora: I'm not going back. You have no power over me anymore.


Shadow Weaver: No!


Glimmer: Adora, are you okay?

Adora: I'm okay. Yeah, I think I'm finally okay. She's gone.

Bow: I'm so sorry we didn't believe you! We've been bad friends.

Adora: No! You're not. This is what Shadow Weaver does. She manipulates people, she pushes them apart. But it's never going to work on me again. I'm sorry, it's my fault she was here. I endangered Mystacor.

Castaspella: Nonsense, you saved Mystacor. Glimmer has chosen her friends well. I'll knit you a sweater. What size are you in the shoulders?

Adora: I'm like, really tired.



Adora: Glimmer?

Glimmer: Right here, Adora.



Catra: Hello? Shadow Weaver? (laughs) You've been going about this the wrong way, old woman. If you wanna take down Adora, you have to go for the heart.
