Adora: Uh, hey, guys, I got an invitation to the All Princess Ball, Winter Wonderland. Do you know what this is?

Bow: Princess Prom! Princess Prom! Princess Prom! We are going to Princess Prom!

Glimmer: Princess Prom! Princess Prom! Princess Prom! We are going to Princess Prom!

Adora: Okay, you've gone crazy. I'll just come back later.

Bow: The ball is a meeting for all the princesses of Etheria.

Glimmer: And a giant party! Dancing, food, fancy dresses.

Adora: Dancing?

Glimmer: It only happens once a decade. I've been waiting years for this!

Adora: Uh, I'm only a princess sometimes, so are you sure I should even go?

Glimmer: Of course! Every princess is invited! That includes you!

Bow: Oh yeah. It's all in the invite.

Adora: Rules for greeting the hostess. Expected curtsy depth? Proper stair descending etiquette?

Bow: The ball has been going on for centuries. There's a lot of etiquette stuff you gotta do before you can party.

Glimmer: It's gonna be so much fun! And Princess Frosta is hosting it this year in the Kingdom of Snows! Her magic is incredibly powerful. She'd be a huge get for The Rebellion!


Glimmer: Don't worry! I'll be with you and so will Bow 'cause he's going as my plus one!

Bow: Uh actually--

Glimmer: It's the best friend squad in action! Right Bow?

Bow: About that... I'm going with Perfuma.

Glimmer: What!?

Catra: I'm sick of this. Shadow Weaver failed to get Adora and if Hordak finds out she'll take us down with her. She's obsessed. We need to think big picture. It's time for someone new to take over. Me. So, you in?

Scorpia: I'm hanging out in your room! [Chuckles]

Catra: Unfortunately, you're the only one I can trust around here.

Scorpia: Because we're best friends.

Catra: Stop being so you and help me think. I have the beginning of a plan, but it's not enough. I need to capture Adora so Shadow Weaver doesn't demote me. I need to impress Hordak so he'll make me the new Shadow Weaver. How do I do both?

Scorpia: Why don't you try something at the All-Princess Ball? Every princess is gonna be there, so Adora probably will be too. Ooh! This year's theme is Winter Wonderland.

Catra: How did you get this?

Scorpia: They sent it to me. I'm a princess.

Catra: You're a princess!?

Scorpia: Yeah. The Horde crash landed in my family's kingdom. We let them stay. My family gave Hordak the Black Garnet.

Catra: You're a princess?

Scorpia: I though everyone knew. I mean, it's covered in Force Captain Orientation.

Catra: I'm beginning to think I shouldn't have skipped that. Okay, so you're a princess, and you're going to a princess ball.

Scorpia: Oh no. I'm not going. No. No one liked my family, even before we joined The Horde. I never really fit with the other princesses. I made them uncomfortable and they don't like that. They don't like me.

Catra: And that's exactly why you have to go! How dare they pretend they're better just because you're different! How dare they abandon people just because they don't fit into their perfect little lives!

Scorpia: Yeah!

Catra: How dare they take best friends and turn them into giant sword ladies who run off with people clearly inferior to you!

Scorpia: You're telling my whole life with your words.

Catra: It's time to show those princesses a thing or two! You're going, I'm coming as your plus one and we'll make this a night no one will ever forget!

Scorpia: Super Pal Duo is going to prom!


Bow: I didn't think it would be a big deal.

Glimmer: It's not. It's fine. I'm just surprised. When did you two even talk about it?

Bow: Oh, she was super slick.


Perfuma: Wanna go to the ball with me?

Bow: Okay!


Glimmer: That's super slick?

Bow: I thought it'd be fun. And besides, Perfuma's cool, right?

Glimmer: She's fine. But we always go to events together. We have our whole routine. We wear matching outfits, share inside jokes and eat ice cream afterwards. It's our thing.

Bow: Well, there's nothing wrong with a new thing. I gotta get ready. We'll hang out there, okay?

Glimmer: But I liked our old thing.

Adora: Glimmer! Good. No time to waste! [Adora takes Glimmer into her bedroom] I think advance prep will be key to success. I've divided the rules into base parts. Dance rules, etiquette rules, rules for greeting the hostess. [clears throat] I'm familiarizing myself with targets. Ask me anything.

Glimmer: Princess Frosta.

Adora: Ruler of The Kingdom of Snows, has the biggest kingdom outside of Bright Moon, neutral in the fight against the Horde. Allies with the Star Sisters who are friends with Mermista, but no Sweet Bee who is dating Peekablue as you can tell by the string. Up means friends, down means frenemies. And I made an obstacle course! I'm feeling good! I'm prepared for any and all scenarios. I am so ready for this ball.

Glimmer: Great! What are you wearing?

Adora: I was just gonna go as She-Ra. I mean, she has better hair.

Glimmer: Well, you can't go as She-Ra. They have a strict no weapons rule. Neutral ground and all. So, you'll have to leave your sword at the door.

Adora: Ugh, how are there more parts to this invite?

Glimmer: [Gasps] You know what this means?

Adora: That clothes don't matter and I should keep on studying?

Glimmer: It's makeover time!!


Adora: Be careful and don't just lean it somewhere and don't keep it with the other swords or it might get confused!

Glimmer: Adora, c'mon!

Adora: Whoa. Heh. It's big.


Glimmer: The ball is an ancient tradition. A princess' first ball is a huge rite if passage. Plus, the Kingdom of Snows is really big.

Adora: Which is why we need Frosta. If she joins us, the other princesses are sure to follow.

Adora: [Sighs] Here we go. Hold for one, two and three. That's Frosta? But she's like, 10!

Frosta: I'm eleven and three quarters.

Glimmer: Revered hostess, we come under the ancient rules of hospitality, bringing greetings from Bright Moon. And She-Ra, the legendary warrior.


Frosta: You are welcome under the ancient rules of hospitality. Leave conflict at the door and please enjoy the ball.

Adora: Thank you your-- [Shouts] majesty. Couldn't have mentioned that she was a little kid?

Glimmer: You did all that research. I assumed you knew. You know what? It's fine.There's plenty of time to win her over. Come one, let's rock this ball!

Adora: Oh! There's Entrapta! Heh.


Entrapta: Adora! Glimmer! Are you here for the social experiment too?

Adora: Social experiment?

Entrapta: Different groups are forced to mingle. Hierarchies form and break. It's the perfect place to observe behavior. And they have tiny food! Where's Bow? I wanna show him my new recorder.

Glimmer: He's coming later.

Entrapta: Didn't he come with you? Aren't you two friends?

Glimmer: Why would you think we're not?

Entrapta: There he is! bow!


Glimmer: They're matching. That's out best friend thing!

Entrapta: Feelings seem to be getting hurt.

Mermista: Hey, I'm here too. Don't make a big thing out of it.


Glimmer: They're making up their own inside jokes? What? Is Perfuma his new best friend now?

Mermista: Not gonna get into whatever is happening there.

Entrapta: People walking around in circles.

Mermista: Or that. Look, have you seen--

Sea hawk: [singing] She's a beauty can't you see? She's attending this with me! She's my princess of the sea! Mermista! [Talking] Oh hey, it's my crew.

Adora: So, Sea Hawk's your plus one?

Mermista: No. He is just my ride. Just. My. Ride,

Sea Hawk: [Laughs] Of course. [Whispers] I am her plus one.

Entrapta: This is the best social experiment I've ever been to!

Mermista: Whatever. Do they have a kelp bar here?

Sea Hawk: To the buffet! Adventu-- Oh hi, Bow.

Adora: Hey--

Glimmer: [Laughs] That's so funny, Adora! What a funny inside joke the two of us just came up with!

Perfuma: The She-Ra, Glimmer. It's great to see you.

Bow: Perfuma was just telling me about a winged horse that ate all the apples in Plumeria and then flew away. Sound familiar?

Glimmer: Sure. Isn't this fun? Adora and I are having such a good time together, just the two of us. Right, Adora?


Bow: Okay. Uh, we're gonna go say hi to people. Wanna come?

Glimmer: No, you guys go on. We'll find you later. I wanna hear the rest of this funny story that Adora was just telling!

Adora: Perfect. Frosta's alone. I'm gonna try and go smooth things over with her. Coming? [Laughs] Never mind. I'll be right back.


Adora: Revered hostess. I've come to apologize for earlier. I was so rude.

Frosta: Yes, you were. But as you're only an honorary princess, you can't be expected to know better.

Adora: Your kingdom is truly beautiful Princess Frosta. I'm honored to be here.

Frosta: Thank you. Now, I expect you're going to ask me to join your Rebellion?

Adora: You know about that?

Frosta: Of course I do. Princesses talk you know? The snow peas and the cookies are touching. Do it right.

Adora: Princess Frosta, the Rebellion needs you. Your kingdom is powerful. Your alliance could be the key to defeating the Horde.

Frosta: The Horde hasn't threatened us here.

Adora: That only because the Kingdom of Snows is so out of the way, it doesn't matter to Hordak right now. Joining the Rebellion is your best bet.

Frosta: The kingdom of Snows has defended itself perfectly well for thousands of years. We do not need your help or your Rebellion. Please continue to enjoy the ball.


Bow: Perfuma was just telling about a winged horse that ate all the apples in Plumeria!

Glimmer: Where have you been?

Adora: I told you, winning over Frosta. Actually, scratch that, failing to win over Frosta. Are you okay? Why does it bother you so much?

Glimmer: It doesn't! Bow can hang out with whoever he wants. I just [groans] I never had that many friends. It's always been just me and Bow. But now, what if he likes his new friends better? What if everyone does?

Adora: That's not gonna happen. Trust me, Bow isn't the type to leave his old friends behind and neither am...


Adora: ...I.


Adora: Revered hostess, you can't let them in. They're from the Horde.

Catra: Revered hostess, Princess Scorpia was invited as per the rules of this ball. Rules which I personally have the upmost respect for.

Adora: You do not!

Frosta: Princess Adora. The rules state that all princesses and their chosen guests are welcome.

Adora: They're up to something. I can feel it.

Frosta: That's enough! You look at me and see a child, but I have worked to hard to gain respect all to throw it away just because you feel they are up to something. For centuries the All-Princess Ball has been neutral ground. I will not dishonor that legacy. Scorpia is a princess. Princesses get plus ones. They stay.

Frosta: Teenagers.

Catra: Really, Adora? I'm shocked. We're not breaking any rules. Didn't you read the invite?

Adora: I know you're plotting something. From now until the second the ball ends, I'll be watching. Wherever the two of you go, I go.

Catra: Suit yourself. Have fun with following us!

Adora: [Grumbles] Glimmer, you take Scorpia, I'll take Catra.


Scorpia: Mm. Mm. Wow, that is good. Oh what is-- I don't even know what's in this. What? Sir? Garcon? What's in this?

Glimmer: Bow! Wait up!

Bow: Glimmer. Hi.

Glimmer: There's something I need to tell you. I know things between us have been weird all night. I just wanted to say..

Bow: I accept your--

Glimmer: I forgive you.

Bow: You forgive me? Glimmer, I'm allowed to hang out with other people.

Glimmer: B-b-but that's how it starts. Suddenly everyone has new friends and no one needs me anymore. And then, I'm all alone.

Bow: What are you talking about? you have me, plus Adora and everyone ho joined the Rebellion.

Glimmer: That's what i'm talking about. It used to be just us. And now, everything's changing. I don't want you to leave me behind.

Bow: No one is leaving you behind. I wanted to hang out with you and Adora and Perfuma tonight. But you're the one who keeps acting weird and leaving. I know change is scary, Glimmer. But that doesn't mean you get to take it out on me. Now, if you'll excuse me, I am going to go get my cummerbund because it is freezing in here! We'll talk later, okay?


Entrapta: Princess Prom, hour two... 37 minutes...

Adora: Don't touch her!

Entrapta: [screams] You're right. This is a much better vantage point for my observations. Hi Adora. Have you met my new assistant? She brought snacks.

Catra: She stole my food then asked me to spy on people with her. Is this what love feels like?

Adora: Entrapta, she's from the Horde. The people the Rebellion are fighting. The Rebellion you're a part of!

Entrapta: Oh. Well, we should keep a better eye on her 'cause she just walked away.

Adora: [Groans]


Bow: Is that a-- [Gasps] Oh no! Princess Scorpia is planting heat bombs! We have to stop her!

Bow: What are you doing? Let me go!


Frosta: It is my duty as hostess to now announce, it is time for the first dance of the Ball.

Catra: I don't know about you, but I am having a blast.

Adora: Whatever you're planning, it won't work.

Catra: You sure?

Glimmer: [Sobs] I got into a fight with Bow and I don't know where Scorpia is!

Adora: What? Glimmer don't--

Perfuma: Have you seen Bow? He went to get his cummerbund, right around when that Horde princess left.

Adora: Do you mean Scorpia?

Adora: Glimmer, when did you last see Bow?

Glimmer: A while ago. Isn't he with Perfuma?

Adora: No. Perfuma says he's been gone this entire time.

Catra: Maybe my plan won't work. But then again, maybe it already has. Say, where's your friend, Bow?

Adora: [Shouts] What did you do to him!?

Catra: [Laughs] Nothing permanent.

Adora: Tell me what you did! [Grunting] Revered hostess, she's got--

Frosta: Princess Ball is a ceremony of unity. Violence is strictly forbidden.

Adora: You don't understand.

Frosta: I understand perfectly. In accordance with the rules set over the centuries, I hereby revoke your invitation. You are to leave my kingdom and never, ever--

[Crowd gasps and shouts]

Frosta: Remain calm! Stop!

Adora: Glimmer! Catra has Bow. You have to find him! Catra. What did you do?

Catra: I did nothing. Scorpia, Lonnie and Kyle on the other hand were very busy. It was fun distracting you though.

Adora: This isn't a game!

Catra: It's never been a game to me. I'm after something bigger, and no one is gonna stop me.



Glimmer: Bow? Bow! Where are you? [Gasps] Get away from him! No! [Faints] [Thud]


Adora: Ha. Trapped.

Catra: You wish.

Adora: Hang on! I can get us out of this!

Catra: Oh, Adora. I don't want you to.

Adora: [Gasps] Catra! [Gasps]

Catra: [Laughs] See you later, princess.
