Catra: Check this thing out. You've got to admit, Shadow Weaver, in a single mission, I inflicted more damage on the Rebellion than anyone else. I succeeded where even you failed.

Hordak: Shadow Weaver.

Shadow Weaver: My Lord.

Hordak: I commend you on the capture of the Princess of Bright Moon. Queen Angella has been given until the mornings moonrise to surrender herself to our forces.

Shadow Weaver: Thank-you, Lord Hordak. I thought you would be please with my work.

Hordak: You have proven your worth to me. Today.

Catra: Your worth? I'm the one who brought back the Princess of Bright Moon. Not you.

Shadow Weaver: You're under my command, Force Captain. Therefore anything you manage to do right is credited to me.

Catra: So, I do all the work and you get the glory?

Shadow Weaver: Sometimes that just the way of things.


Shadow Weaver: Welcome to the Fright Zone, Princess.


Adora: Your Majesty?

Queen Angella: I should never have let her leave this castle. And now, I'm faced with an impossible position. As leader of the Rebellion, how can I surrender myself to our enemy? And yet, as a mother, how do I... (sighs) I'm going to accept Hordak's terms. Glimmer is all I have.

Adora: You can't. We have no guarantee the Horde will hold up their end of the bargain. We could end up losing you too.

Queen Angella: A rescue attempt is too risky. If we had She-Ra we might have a chance, but without the Sword of Protection...

Adora: There has to be another way. We can't just give up. I can rescue them. I know the Fright Zone. I'll find a way to get them back.

Queen Angella: How are you going to do that?

Adora: I... I don't know yet. But I'll think of something, I promise. I'll bring them home. (sobbing)



Adora: Huh? What are you all doing here?

Mermista: We're the Princess Alliance. And the Horde took one of our own.

Perfuma: We're ready for our first mission.

Adora: Let's go get our friends back.



Kyle: Dinner rations, prisoner.


Kyle: Ow!

Bow: Hey, what's your name?

Kyle: Me? You're talking to me?

Bow: Sure. Is that all right?

Kyle: Uh, I guess, but no one ever talks to me. I'm Kyle.

Bow: Hey, Kyle, I'm Bow. Can you do me a favor? Can you tell me where they're holding the princess?

Kyle: Princess?

Bow: She's my best friend. No one will let me talk to her or even tell me if she's okay.

Kyle: I'm sure she's fine. Maybe. Or she's not. I don't know.

Bow: Do you know where she is?

Kyle: No, that kind of information is classified. They wouldn't tell me.

Bow: You have to help me get a message to her.

Kyle: I, uh. I better be leaving now.

Bow: No, wait.

Kyle: I like your shirt!

Bow: Kyle!



Adora: Okay. This is the Horde prison. Glimmer and Bow are being held inside. Entrpata, this perfume bottle is you. Perfuma, you're the nail polish. Mermista, lipstick.

Mermista: Ew. Do you know what that stuff is made of? I'll be this knife.

Entrapta: I feel like Perfuma should be the perfume bottle. That makes the most logical sense.

Perfuma: Maybe I could be a flower.

Sea Hawk: Could I be this miniature painted model of Bow?

Adora: No! Those represent Bow and Glimmer. And this one's mine. Bow made them for us. Okay, just... Everyone focus! Our entry point will be here, near the Horde's scrapyard. It's close to the prison and lightly guarded. Perfuma and Entrapta will access the security tower and wait for my signal to disable the lights. Mermista will access the Fright Zone's sewer system. She'll swim through the pipes into the building and open the door.

Mermista: I'm sorry, Mermista will what?

Adora: I know it sounds bad, but your'e the only one who can breathe underwater.

Mermista: Super gross.

Adora: Sea Hawk and I will take up position by the entrance. The two of us will neutralize any guards on patrol. Entrpata and Perfuma will regroup on our position and the team will enter when Mermista opens the door.

Sea Hawk: Excellent plan. Adventure!


Mermista: Hm?



Adora: Mermista should be in place now.

Perfuma: Adora's signal.

Entrapta: Fright Zone log, day one. I can barely contain my excitement! Hahaha. Hmm, the Horde's using an outdated wiring system. It really would work so much better if I just consolidated these conduits and re-routed the current here...

Perfuma: Entrapta? Now would be a good time for those lights.

Entrapta: Oh, right.

Horde guard: What happened?

Adora: We go on three. Ready? One...

Sea Hawk: Forward!

Adora: I said on three.

Sea Hawk: I got excited.



Sea Hawk: Where's Mermista?

Adora: She must've gotten held up. Come on, we need to secure the guards.

Perfuma: Entrapta? Entrapta?



Entrapta: The subject appears to be harvesting scrap components, possibly for reuse. Fascinating.

Perfuma: Entrapta? We're supposed to meet with the others.

Entrapta: I know, I was waiting for you.

Perfuma: Oh, how very considerate. Lets go.


Entrapta: Ah, oh.

Perfuma: So we don't get separated.


Adora: Psst.

Scorpia: Halt! Who are you?

Sea Hawk: Me? I'm the inspector. I'm here to inspect all the things.

Scorpia: Inspector? Inspector, of course! I must have forgotten you were coming. We're long overdue for an inspection, I do have to admit it, but I can assure you we are up to code.


Adora: Wha...? How did this happen? We had a plan.

Entrapta: Actually you kind of lost me at the perfume bottle.

Adora: Where have you two been?

Perfuma: I tried to get here sooner but harmonious teamwork with Entrapta can be...a challenge.

Adora: This isn't a game. It's the Horde. Glimmer and Bow are being held captive in this building and now Sea Hawk is gone.

Perfuma: Okay. All right, everyone calm down. Maybe we could try a simple breathing exercise. Deep calming breaths, hmmmm.



Adora: Come on, we're going in.



Mermista: Could you not?

Adora: Huh? What happened to you?

Mermista: Uh, the sewer happened to me.

Adora: We can't waste any more time. Bow and Glimmer need us.

Mermista: Uh, can I get a thank-you?

Adora: Thank-you.


Adora: We need to get to an information port. I'll hack into the data base and identify the cell block Glimmer and Bow are being held in.

Mermista: Hey, where's the geeky princess?

Perfuma: Okay, she is really putting a crimp in my harmony!

Adora: Don't worry. We'll find Entrapta and Sea Hawk and we'll rescue Glimmer and Bow.

Mermista: I don't know, that sounds like a lot. But you know me, I'm totally up for anything.


Entrapta: Fright Zone log, day one continued. Keypads appear in every corridor and are capable of giving status updates on multiple systems.


Entrapta: Wow. Hello there little guy.



Entrapta: Well, hello to you too. (chuckles)



Shadow Weaver: I should warn you Princess. Any attempt to teleport through these restraints will only cause you pain. It seems my Black Garnet and your powers don't mix. Besides, your mother will be here soon.

Glimmer: I know all about you and your mind games, Shadow Weaver. Adora told me, so save it! And, by the way, she's not a fan.

Shadow Weaver: But I'm not playing games. What I said about Queen Angella is true. She's coming to surrender herself in exchange for your safety. Oh, it's such a shame, the toll this rebellion has taken on your family. First you lose your father...

Glimmer: She-Ra will stop you!

Shadow Weaver: There is no She-Ra! We have the sword. Not Adora. There will be no one left to stop the Horde. In a few hours Bright Moon will fall and Etheria will be ours to rule.


Shadow Weaver: Oh, tsk-tsk. Careful now. It would be a shame if we had no princess to exchange for the Queen.


Sea Hawk: Well, you Horde types run a tight ship, I must say. Everything seems up to code. Yes indeed, entirely up to code. You pass with flying colors. Now, unless you have something else for me to inspect, I should get home to my inspector children.

Scorpia: You know, you look familiar.

Sea Hawk: Perhaps you've seen me, in your dreams?

Scorpia: No, that's not it. Princess Prom. That's where I know you from. I knew it would come to me. You were with that mermaid.

Sea Hawk: She has a name you know! I mean, no, that wasn't me.

Scorpia: You're with the Rebellion.

Sea Hawk: Now, as a scrupulous inspector, threats (clears throat) normally wouldn't work on me. But in this case, uh, perhaps we can reach a compromise? (computer terminal beeps) "Duck?"

Scorpia: Oh, where?

Sea Hawk: Oh! Duck!


Entrapta: Hi.

Sea Hawk: Oh! That was a top-notch rescue.

Entrapta: To be honest I wasn't sure which one of you I was gonna hit.


Adora: Okay, I found Bow's cell, but I can't find Glimmer in here anywhere. They must be holding her somewhere else. This isn't good. (gasps)


Perfuma: What should we do?

Mermista: I'm not going back in the sewer.

Entrapta: It's okay. This is my new friend, Emily. I reprogrammed her.

Perfuma: Where have you been?

Entrapta: Where have you been?

Adora: It doesn't matter. We're all together. Let's finish this.

Entrapta (low level screeching in excitement)

Adora: Bow's cell is in section B, level 20. We'll get him out first then figure out where Glimmer is. Entrapta, can you get us up there?

Entrapta: Yes! I can. I mean, maybe. I don't know. I'm definitely gonna try. (laughs) This is gonna be fun!

Adora: Okay, Sea Hawk, Perfuma you're with me.

Mermista: I'll keep an eye on this one, in case she tries to befriend any more robots.

Sea Hawk: On to the rescue!


Kyle: Bow. Bow!

Bow: Kyle?

Kyle: I'm supposed to be in the barracks. Lonnie made me cover her latrine duty.

Bow: What's going on?

Kyle: I found out where your friend is being kept. Shadow Weaver has her in the Black Garnet chamber.

Bow: Oh, that sounds bad.

Kyle: Yeah, it's pretty bad. But she's alive, at least. Shadow Weaver is planning to ransom her in exchange for Queen.

Bow: Why are you telling me this?

Kyle: I don't know. I guess, because your the first person who's ever listened to me.

Bow: I mean, I'm being held prisoner, so... I don't know that I have a choice, but sure!



Entrapta: Whoops. That's not right.



Adora: Entrapta!


Sea Hawk: Perfuma! Hmm? (gasps)

Adora: Hang on!

Lonnie: You think you can just come back here?



Adora: I need to save my friends.

Lonnie: We were your friends.


Sea Hawk: Huh?



Perfuma: Adora, are you all right?

Adora: Thanks to you.

Sea Hawk: Great hit Perfuma.

Kyle: No one's ever, ever asked for my help before. People here don't think I can do anything right.

Bow: Um-hm. That seems tough.

Kyle: Why am I telling you this? I shouldn't even be here. I'm going to get into so much trouble if I get caught.

Bow: No! Wait, I mean (laughs) we're just talking. How much trouble could you get in for talking?

Kyle: Oh, you'd be surprised. I get in trouble for everything around here.

Bow: That doesn't seem fair.

Kyle: I know! But then I thought how brave you are for wanting to save your friend. And maybe, if I helped you, you could be my friend too.

Bow: Uh, sure, friends, definitely. We can be friends. (chuckles nervously)



Entrapta: Good team, geek princess.

Sea Hawk: Goodbye!


Sea Hawk: Bow! (laughs) We're here to save you.

Bow: Adora!

Adora: Bow! Bow, where's Glimmer?

Bow: Shadow Weaver has her in the Black Garnet chamber. Adora, what are we gonna do?


Adora: Come on.


Adora: Can you get it open?

Entrapta: I just need a little more time.


Adora: This vent system leads to where you can steal a skiff. Each chamber needs to be sealed and purged before you can move on to the next one. The doors will only stay open for a few seconds, so keep up the pace.

Bow: Adora, what are you doing?

Adora: Don't worry about me. I'm gonna buy you some time and find Glimmer. Meet you there, okay?

Bow: Adora!


Adora: I surrender, take me to see Shadow Weaver.


Adora: Glimmer, I'm here. Don't worry everything will be okay. I'll save you. What have you done to her?

Shadow Weaver: Leave us. Report to the Force Captain barracks and pack your things. Now that Adora is back, there's no need for you there.

Catra: Seriously? After everything I've done for you, it's still her you want?

Shadow Weaver: I said go!

Adora: Shadow Weaver, I'll stay here with you willingly, but you have to let Glimmer go first.

Glimmer: Adora, no.

Adora: Glimmer, are you okay?

Shadow Weaver: You are correct Adora. You shall stay willingly, because I am going to wipe your mind. You'll have no memory of She-Ra or the time you spent with the Rebellion. Everything will be as it once was. As for the Princess, once I'm done, you'll be happy to have her as your prisoner.

Glimmer: No! Adora!


Bow: We need to go back for Glimmer and Adora.

Perfuma: We need to do what Adora said. They'll make it out and we'll be ready with the skiff. No princess will be left behind.


Glimmer: Adora, are you okay? Do you know who I am?

Adora: Glimmer.


Sea Hawk: We made it. This way to the vehicle bay.


Entrapta: Wait. Emily.

Perfuma: Entrapta! No!


Adora: Glimmer, what's happening?

Glimmer: I don't know. I can't teleport.

Adora: What?



Adora: Catra. What are you doing?

Catra: Take it. This is not because I like you.

Adora: Catra, I...

Catra: Just get out of here.

Adora: For the honor of Grayskull!



Bow: There they are.


Bow: Glimmer.

She-Ra: Wait, where's Entrapta?

Bow: Entrapta didn't make it.

She-Ra: What do you mean?

Mermista: She's gone.

She-Ra: Well, then, we have to go back for her.

Bow: No, she's... She's really gone.
