Adora: How could I let this happen?



Bow: Adora, it’s not your fault.



Adora: It IS my fault. Entrapta’s gone because of my plan.



Mermista: This only happened because we were all together.



Perfuma: Mermista’s right, being together makes us vulnerable.



Mermista: Maybe there’s a reason the Princess Alliance fell apart before. Maybe this whole thing was a bad idea.



Glimmer: Mermista, no, you can’t say that.



Mermista: Whatever. I don’t want to be a part of it anymore. Sea Hawk, take me home.



Angella: Oh, Glimmer! [Queen Angella embraces her.]



Angella: Are you hurt? [She squeezes her darling tightly.]



Glimmer: Mom, you’re crushing me.





Glimmer: Mom, I’m fine, cut it out!



Angella: I will not cut it out. I’ve been beside myself with worry. You usually teleport out of my embraces. What’s going on?



Glimmer: Nothing, I just need to recharge. That’s all.



Angella: Of course, Guards, carry my daughter to the Moonstone Chamber at once.



Glimmer: I don’t need to be carried, I can walk. [In a quieter tone] You’re embarrassing me.



Angella: Fine. Then you have time to tell me what happened. I received word of Entrapta’s loss.


Angella: Well, Glimmer? Bow? Adora? Someone tell me what happened.



Adora: -Commander, it’s my fault.



Bow: -The thing is...



Glimmer: -Leave my friends alone! Give us a minute.



Angella: A minute? You were being held by the Horde. I’ve been going mad. Telling myself awful stories about what could’ve happened to you.



Glimmer: Jeeze, mom, relax. I’m fine. We’ll talk later.



Angella: This conversation isn’t over!



Adora: I’m— I’m sorry.





Adora: It’s happening more often.



Bow: Does it hurt?



Glimmer: No, not much.



Bow: We need to tell your mom. She’ll know what to do.



Glimmer: No!



Adora: Glimmer, Shadow Weaver did something to your powers. You can’t teleport and, whatever this is, keeps happening.



Glimmer: I don’t want my mom freaking out anymore than she already is. Okay? Besides, I always feel better after I recharge, so...



Glimmer: Then it’s agreed. I’ll recharge, stop glitching. Then my mom never has to know.





Hordak: Not only did you lose the princess known as Glimmer, but I’ve learned that you’ve known Adora was She-Ra all along.



Shadow Weaver: Now you see why I felt it was so important to bring her back.



Hordak: All you did was invite attack from an enemy combatant with detailed knowledge of our operations. If I had known, I never would have agreed to your foolish plan.



Catra: [Chuckles] Yeah, bad plan.



Scorpia: Wasn’t it your—? [Catra elbows Scorpia] Oh!






Glimmer: I can feel you watching me.



Bow: I am not.



Glimmer: See, I told you. Just needed to re— [Glimmer glitches again] [Shouts]



Glimmer: It didn’t work.



Bow: Work? It made it worse.



Angella: Glimmer? Are you up there?



Adora: Uh, guys? We have a problem.



Glimmer: We cannot let my mom see me like this!



Angella: There you are, Glimmer. Are you feeling better?



Glimmer: [Chuckles] Whoa, Mom, can’t a girl recharge in private? Anyway, we were just leaving. Bye!



Angella: Is everything all right? Glimmer? Glimmer, do not walk away from me. I just wanted to talk.





Catra: Boy, Hordak really let Shadow Weaver have it. Did you see the look on her face?



Scorpia: Yes. [Chuckles] Well, I mean, I think. It’s kinda hard to tell with the mask and all.






Catra: Serves her right. If she wants to take credit for my plans, she can take the blame, too.





Scorpia: -Oh! What is it?



Catra: Shh.



Scorpia: Oh, sorry. What is it?





Scorpia: Yeah. Yeah, that’s— That’s concrete.





Entrapta: Hi





Glimmer: Maybe it’s like a cold. I’ve never been sick before. Having an immortal mother has some advantages. What do you do when you have a cold?



Adora: Remain out of sight.



Adora: What? Display of physical weakness are strongly discouraged in the Horde. And they’re right. I haven’t been training enough, and look what happened! [Grunting, whilst punching some lamp thing]



Bow: Stop it, Adora. They’re not right. Okay, cold. Um... Lots of liquids and, uh, rest. [Gasps] I’ll make soup!



Glimmer: Great, and I’ll nap. I bet when I wake up I’ll be as good as new. Yeah, just gotta let it run its course.




Glimmer: [Groans] Why did I make my bed so high? Give me a boost?






Adora: [Gasp] We’re not letting anything run its course. You’re getting worse.



Glimmer: No, I’m not. [She glitches and drops to her knees.] [Groaning in pain]



Glimmer: Okay, maybe a little.



Adora: Look, you got sick because of whatever dark magic Shadow Weaver made with the black garnet. Maybe the sword can heal you. She-Ra healed the trees in Plumeria.



Bow: Uh... Sort of, not really.



Adora: Well, She-Ra definitely fixed the Sea Gate.



Bow: Glimmer’s not a piece of machinery. And you don’t know how to fully control She-Ra’s powers yet. No offense.





Glimmer: This is a great idea. She-Ra will fix me, and then everything will be back to normal. Mm-hmm. How hard can it be?



Bow: Did no one hear what I just..?



Adora: For the honor of Grayskull!




Catra: Prisoner.



Scorpia: That’s Entrapta.



Catra: I know her name, I was just.. Ugh, never mind. Lord Hordak himself tasked me with your interrogation. So, there’s no use resisting.




Catra: I don’t care what it takes. I’m going to drag the Rebellion’s plans out of you.



Entrapta: -Ooh! What’s that?



Catra: What? Hey!





Scorpia: Catra! Oh! Oh, oh, there you go.



Entrapta: Fascinating.



Catra: Give it back!



Entrapta: -Oh, I like that thing. Can I have it?



Catra: -No. And stop. I’m interrogating you.



Entrapta: Well, okay, then. What do you want to know?



Catra: Why were you hiding out in the Fright Zone?



Entrapta: I was waiting for my friends to get back. They had trouble finding me before. So, I figured I’d make it easier for them and just stay put right here.



Catra: They left you.



Entrapta: No, no, they’re my friends, they’ll be back.



Entrapta: Say, your tail secretes some kind of paralyzing agent, right? Do you think I could have a sample, to study?



Scorpia: Hey, you can’t just touch another woman’s tail without asking!


Catra: Some friends. They left you, and they’re not coming back. Isn’t that just like Adora? She left me behind, too. Like I was nothing.



Scorpia: And me. I mean, I didn’t want to go, but she could’ve at least asked.



Catra: Adora got her precious Bow and Glimmer back. All these princesses care about is people who are just like them. But you’re not like them, are you?



Entrapta: Fright Zone log, hour 45. Is that right? I don’t know if that’s right, it was hard to tell in the walls. Hour 45, that’s— That’s too many hours. This angry feline person seems to be correct. They’re not coming back for me.



Catra: You wouldn’t have to pretend to be something you’re not with the Horde. Think of what you could accomplish here. What we could accomplish, together.





Entrapta: I’ve made more progress on my work in secret here than I did in a whole non-secret life out there. They should see. Horde technology gives me SO MUCH to work with. Emily’s the most advanced bot I’ve ever built.



Catra: Wait, who’s Emily?



Entrapta: Oh! How rude, allow me to introduce you. [Entrapta claps twice.]





Scorpia: I gotcha, I gotcha, I gotcha!




Catra: Those princesses have no idea who they’ve left behind.




She-Ra: The.. Eternia.. Heal! [Stretched] Heal.. Glimmer.



Bow: Who’s ready to stop messing around with sharp objects? Hey, look, I am!



Glimmer: Maybe if you point it at me?



Bow: Or, unpopular opinion, don’t point a sword directly at our friend.



She-Ra: It’s fine, I got this.



Glimmer: Maybe it’s like a motion? Like a jabbing motion? Or a strike.



Bow: Do you want to get hit with a sword?!



She-Ra: Can everyone please be quiet? I have it!


Bow: Am I the only one who cares about sword safety around here?




She-Ra: [gasps] I think it’s working.



Glimmer: Yup, definitely working. I’m pretty sure I feel something.




Bow: Sword safety!



Scorpia: Honestly, I don’t think anybody’s gonna notice.



Entrapta: Sorry again. About the wall.



Catra: -Don’t worry about it.



Entrapta: -You’re not mad? People usually get mad.



Catra: Are you kidding? I’m impressed. You rebuilt that robot, I mean, Emily, all on your own? While living in the vents?



Entrapta: Sure did. Not only that, but she’s better than ever. Stronger, increased weapons capabilities, and affectionate, too.




Entrapta: Who knows how much more powerful she could be if I just had access to a little First Ones tech. You don’t have any here, do you?



Catra: -First what?



Entrapta: -First Ones tech. You know, advanced technology left behind by a lost civilization? Makes our modern innovations look like children’s toys? I’ve been attempting to integrate First Ones tech into my experiments for years, but my understanding of their code is still rudimentary. If I could just find the key to their language, there’s no telling what I could build. Such a find could yield almost unlimited power. [laughing]



Catra: And where would one find this tech?



Entrapta: It’s buried all over the planet. It gives off a signal that can be traced. Lately, I’ve been tracking the strongest signal I’ve ever seen. It must be a massive stash.



Catra, with sparkling eyes: -Where?



Scorpia: -Ugh.



Scorpia: Huh. [chuckles]



Catra: I mean, uh, where?



Entrapta: I’ve triangulated the signal to somewhere in the Whispering Woods. The whole shifting landscape thing makes for a complicated variable, but I’ve created a map that’s accurate within two quadrants.



Catra: How do I get my hands on this map?



Entrapta: Like any good scientist, I carry everything I need on my person.



Catra: I’m not sure if we can trust her yet. But if she’s telling the truth, this could give us a huge advantage over the Rebellion. Hordak will finally see how much more valuable I am than Shadow Weaver.



Scorpia: I bet he’ll promote you to.. To.. What comes after Force Captain?



Catra: Keep an eye on Entrapta while I go see if this pans out.



Entrapta: I hope it does, I wanna build something bbbiiigggg. 



Entrapta: Oh, sorry, my bad.



Entrapta: Which hair part was in which thingy?



She-Ra: What good am I if I can’t even heal one princess?


She-Ra: [Grunts] Why even carry a sword?



Glimmer: Everybody, just act normal.



Glimmer: Mom, we’re busy.



Angella: I won’t be long. You are requested for dinner with me tonight. Alone.



Glimmer: But Mom! I’m really tired. Can’t I just stay in my room and rest?



Angella: I’m sorry, I don’t know why I said request. It’s not a request. You are required to have dinner with me because I’m your mother and.. I’m also the queen, so I can make you.



Bow: Yikes. She’s playing the queen card.



Angella: No need to answer. I’ll see you in an hour.



She-Ra: That’s it. I can’t stay here and be useless. Bow is right. I don’t know how to use my powers.



Bow: I didn’t say that. Or not that exactly.



She-Ra: The Horde has a lot of things wrong. Okay, pretty much everything. But one thing they are right about is training. And how can I train if I don’t know anything about She-Ra? I’m going to go somewhere so I can learn. And then I’m gonna fix you, Glimmer.



Glimmer: [gasps] How? Can you do it in an hour?



She-Ra: Probably not, since I’m not totally sure where I’m going. I need to find the place Madame Razz took me. I- it’s some sort of beacon. I can’t explain it, but I-I know I can get answers there.



Glimmer: Running away. Great idea. Then I won’t have to go to dinner with my mom. I’ll get my things.



She-Ra: No, I have to do this on my own.




Adora: [crashes] Ow.



Bow: She’s okay.



Glimmer: I hope she stays that way.



Shadow Weaver: Going somewhere?



Catra: Like I’d tell you. I’ve got a lead on something big, and I’m not about to let you take all the credit again. Not that it worked out so great for you last time.




Catra: Don’t worry about that thing with Hordak. I’ve got loads of experience being yelled at. Mostly by you, actually. You get used to it.



Shadow Weaver: I will not get used to mediocrity like you. And I certainly don’t need your pity.
Shadow Weaver:  I was hard on you, I won’t deny it.  And I won’t apologize.  I just wanted to prepare you for the world.  I wanted you to be strong.

Catra:  Yeah, well, congratulations.  I’m plenty strong now.  And I don’t need you.



Back in Bright Moon, Bow sits with Glimmer in her room.

Bow:  Listen, Glimmer, I appreciate you trying, but you can’t protect me anymore.  We have to tell your mom.

Glimmer: We’re not telling anybody’s mom!  And, what do you mean, protect you?

Bow: Isn’t it obvious?  This is all my fault.  If I hadn’t gone to Princess Prom with Perfuma, then we wouldn’t have been separated, and then I wouldn’t have gotten kidnapped, and you wouldn’t be sick.  See?  All my fault!

Glimmer: That’s crazy.  This is obviously my fault!  I let myself get distracted.  I shouldn’t’ve been so weird about you hanging out with someone else.  I’m sorry, Bow.

Bow: You can’t be sorry when I’m tryin’ to be sorry.

Glimmer:  Yeah, but your sorry is wrong, and mine is right.  Ya know what?  Let’s just hug.

As they embrace, Glimmer glows with pink electricity, trembling again, gritting her teeth.

Glimmer:  (her voice strained) I’m glitching, aren’t I?

Bow: (teeth clenched) It hurts . . . so much.

They let go after the episode passes.

Glimmer:  How am I going to get through dinner without my mom noticing?

She brightens with inspiration.

Glimmer: We start a fire in the castle, and my mom’ll have to cancel!

Bow crosses his arms and smiles at her with a wry look.

Glimmer: Just a small one?



She-Ra is walking through the darkened forest, looking for a sign of the structure Razz showed her.

She-Ra:  It was definitely this way.  I think.

She-Ra:  Oh!  That rock looks familiar.

She approaches, frowns, and leans against it.  Groaning with frustration.

She-Ra: Because I passed it an hour ago.

Drawing her sword, she marks the stone with an “X”



Glimmer has now joined Angella, alone in the dining hall.  The table is set beautifully for two.

Angella: I gave the staff the night off so it could be just us.  And I made your favorite.

There is a pause, as Glimmer looks at the food and smiles to her mother.

Angella:  Well, I didn’t make it.  But I had the kitchen make it before I gave them the night off.

Glimmer: Thanks.

Angella:  We’ve hardly had a chance to talk since you returned.

Glimmer turns away from her mother, grimacing a little as she prevents a glitch.

Glimmer:  Well, you know, not much to talk about.

Angella:  Not much to talk about?  You were kidnapped!  And you lost a friend when you escaped.  And . . .

Glimmer: I get it, Mom!  I failed!

Angella:  That’s not what I’m . . .

Suddenly, Glimmer glitches strongly and painfully, crying out as her body is enveloped in bursts of pink energy.  Her mother looks on in deep concern and rushes to hold her as she collapses and comes out of it.

Angella:  Stop!  Make it stop!  Glimmer, what’s happening to you?!  What aren’t you telling me?!

Glimmer pushes her away and stands up.

Glimmer: Don’t yell at me!  I know I messed everything up, okay?!  I know, I’m a big disappointment!

Angella:  What are you talking about?

Glimmer: (sobbing) Entrapta died trying to rescue me, and the Princess Alliance is over, and Shadow Weaver did something to my powers!  I’m sorry I couldn’t be perfect like you!  You have no idea what it’s like to be such a screw-up!!

Angella: (with a sudden dark frown)  I don’t know how you feel?  I got your father killed!

There is a terrible pause, Angella’s fists clinched, Glimmer mirroring her wide stare of shock.  Angella relaxes a little, speaking more softly, with remorse.

Angella:  I ordered the battle that your father perished in.  (Turning away)  I’ve never forgiven myself.

Glimmer:  I - I didn’t know that.

Angella: (turning back to her)  Yes, well . . . you never talk to me.  Why didn’t you tell me you were sick?

Glimmer: Because I was ashamed.  I acted without thinking.  The exact thing you’re always telling me not to do.  I teleported right into their trap.  The alliance is over.  And I’m to blame.

Angella:  Oh, Glimmer.  I’m the one who failed.  If I hadn’t let the first alliance fall apart after your father’s death, none of this would be happening.

Glimmer:  You feel like a failure?

Angella:  Don’t make the same mistake I did.  I should have kept fighting.  You should, too.

Glimmer:  But the other princesses.  They all quit.  You don’t think the rebellion is done?

Angella:  With my daughter leading it?  Not.  A.  Chance.

Glimmer:  Even if my powers are gone?

Angella:  (embracing her daughter) We’ll figure it out.  Together.

Glimmer smiles and sinks into her mother’s embrace.



Deep within the forest, She-Ra is determined, following her instincts in search of the beacon.

Catra faces the edge of the Whispering Woods in the moonlight, sensing something.  She grunts resolutely and enters the woods.  She-Ra makes her way, one way, then another.

Catra studies her tracker pad, but the display is only static, useless.

She-Ra enters a clearing, with a familiar stone in the center, marked by an “X.”  In rage, she smashes it with her sword, and cries out to the night.

She-Ra:  Nooooo!  I’ve been walking in a straight line!  I’m trying to help!  Why are you stopping me?!

Catra, lost in the woods, trips over a root.  Standing again, she throws her useless tracker pad against a tree and growls.

Catra:  I should’ve known better than to trust a princess!

There is strange whispering in the forest.  Glowing motes in the air.  Catra shudders, disturbed.

She-Ra continues to plead with whatever spirits surround her.

She-Ra:  Just let me fix this, please!  I - I can’t let anyone else get hurt.

Looking around, there is no answer.  She sighs, transforming back to Adora, throwing her sword to the ground.

Adora:  Fine.  You win.  You want me to be weak?  Well.  I am.  And I’m afraid.  Because, I - I’m no good at any of this.

She crumples to the ground in defeat.  Then, she becomes aware of the whispering voice, and she looks around.  From between the trees, there is a light.  Hope.  She stands and walks toward it.  Parting the leaves, the beacon tower is revealed before her, dark and powerful.  She begins walking towards it, almost entranced.

Catra, still struggling through the forest, has become completely exasperated.

Catra:  Augh!  I’ll never find this “magical tech!”  If it even exists in the first place!

But, suddenly, she sees a light in the near distance, and the figure entering it.

Catra:  On second thought . . .

She leaps into a tree, climbs to a high branch in moments, where she can look down upon Adora, approaching the awesome structure.  A cruel smile crosses her lips.

Catra:  Hey, Adora.
