Adora: It's coming from the Fright Zone! Whatever's happening, the Horde is causing it!"

[Bow looks down]

Bow: The Whispering Woods are freezing over! What'll we do?

[Glimmer glitches and falls forward, Bow catches her]

Glimmer: We have to get home! We have to make sure everyone at Bright Moon is okay."

[The music gets more ominous, Adora looks back at the storm clouds, Swift Wind whinnies]

[The Intro song plays]

[Lightning strikes, Catra watches the storm from her perch]

Scorpia: Catra! You've gotta see this!

[Pans down to the Black Garnet, Entrapta, Scorpia and Catra]

Scorpia: Tidal waves, Fire Storms, Earthquakes.. maaaan, Etheria's really taking this hard. I mean-- Yay for us but also woe."

Entrapta; [Spinning in her chair, talking to her recorder] The experiment has been more effective than I could ever have dreamed, this proves my hypothesis correct! With the Black Garnet functioning at two hundred percent power the precarious equilibrium that governs all of Etheria's natural functions has been thrown into complete chaos! No doubt as a result of the other elemental runestones-- ey!"

[Catra stops her chair with her foot]

Catra: [Recorder in hand] Translate.

Entrapta: [Annoyed, she trivializes] By making the black garnet more powerful, we've sapped power from the other princesses Runestones, upsetting the balance and making the weather go screwy. It's all in my notes if you'd like to--"

Catra: Woa woa woa woa wait! What was that you just said about making the other princesses less powerful?

Entrapta: Well the Elemental princesses that is, You don't have to worry about me and Scorpia. I don't have a runestone and Scorpia doesn't appear to have any connection to the Black Garnet anymore-- if she ever did."

Scorpia: Huh? Somebody say my name?"

Catra: And how would we make an effect like that... Permanent?"

[Catra taps on a light connected to the Black Garnet with her claw]

Entrapta: Well, I'd have to run more Tests to know for Sure but--"

[Catra shatters the green light, the rest of the Machines Green lights go out. The Red light on top gets brighter]

Entrapta: Or yeah, that should work too.

[Catra looks to her side]

Catra: Get a strike team together, we're going to Bright Moon.

Scorpia: Bright Moon? Why?

Catra: Because, we're going to take out Bright Moon's Runestone, and with the Whispering Woods frozen over... there's nothing stopping us.

[Pans to a magical window showing Bright Moon and their Runestone. The scene then switches to Queen Angella with the Moonstone, looking pretty glum in the gray of the sky. She recharges the stone and herself and sends a beacon into the sky for Glimmer and the team to see in the shadowy storm.]

[Glimmer and the squad scream and hold on for dear life as they try to navigate the storm. Bow opens his eyes and smiles wide]

Bow: Look! [He points]

Glimmer: [staring at a beacon of light] That's Bright Moon! It's the distress beacon.

Swift-Wind: Hang on!

[They land. Glimmer runs to Angella]

Glimmer: Mom! [hugs] What's going on?

Angella: [calmly] The elements are out of harmony. The Moonstone is using all its power to counteract the growing cloud of darkness.... but it's not enough. It's taking nearly all my strength just to keep my connection with it.

[She-Ra turns into Adora]

Adora: That cloud is coming from the Fright Zone

Bow: So what's our plan? We do have a plan.. right? Guys?

Adora: [watching the woods break apart, frozen] The woods are frozen over. There's nothing left to shield Bright Moon from the Horde. We have to prepare for an attack.

[in the counsel room, before the painting of King Micah, over a pink table map]

Bow: our scouts have reported citing the entire Horde Army in the woods, moving towards us at top speed.

Angella: We must protect Bright Moon at all costs. If the moonstone is destroyed, there will be nothing left to stop the darkness,

Bow: Someone must've seen the distress beacon by now, why hasn't anyone come?

Adora: The Alliance is broken and other princesses have their own kingdoms to protect. [defeated] No one's coming Bow.

[door bursts open]

Guard: Someone's come!

Bow: [excited] Is it the princesses?

[The guard moves to the right, showing Netassa and Spinnerella.]

Bow: [Deflated] Oh. [fake enthusiasm] Spinnerella and Netossa ha ha, thanks for coming guys...

Netassa: You still don't know what we do, do you?

Bow: Aaaah.. no.

Netassa: Seriously?! It's in the name, NET- Tossa. [Bow looks at her confused] NETS, I toss NETS! Okay?

Spinnerella: Yes darling, you have beautiful nets.

Glimmer: At least you have powers, which is more than I've got. But it doesn't matter. I don't need magic to fight!

Angella: [puts her hand on Glimmers shoulder] Glimmer, not only are you without your powers but your still glitching, it's too dangerous.

Glimmer: But mom!

Adora: Your mom is right Glimmer, I don't want any of you risking yourselves. She-Ra can do this alone. This is what she's for.

Bow: Adora, not even She-Ra can take on an army of Horde soldiers ALL on her own.

Adora: [distraught] Than what good is she?

[Bow looks hurt, Adora walks away. Bow and Glimmer glance at one another. Adora stares up at the Moonstone. Sad music plays amongst red lightning.]

Glimmer: Adora... are you okay?

Adora: Catra will be leading the Horde when they attack. I have to face her. I can't let her hurt anyone else.

[Glimmer and Bow look at each other.]

Glimmer: What happened to you in that first one's temple?

Adora: I saw Catra in there. I thought I could get through to her, but all I did was push her farther to the side of evil. Light Hope said that I'd endanger my friends by coming back and she was right. Everything that's happening now is my fault...

[Glimmer runs up and hugs her]

Glimmer: You've got this. And we've got your back.

[The squad embraces one another in a tri-hug]

Glimmer: Now come on, the Horde will be here soon. We have to be ready.

[They walk back into the castle]

[Glimmer pushes open two doors, her friends stand there in awe]

Glimmer: welcome to the Bright Moon armory! Well it's not really but I've been sneaking weapons and stashing them in here for months! [She says proudly]

Bow: Dibs on arrows! [squeals giddily, laughing and rubbing his hands in glee]

[Swift wind sees a mace that he really wants and he gives Adora sparkly unicorn eyes, nudging his head toward the weapon]

Adora:Aaaaah... no. [she pushes him away]

Angella: Glimmer.

Glimmer: Ah ma mom! How'd you know we'd be in here?

Angella: Did you really think I wouldn't notice you were hoarding weapons?

Glimmer: [Approaches Angella] I'm sorry mom. I can't just stand by while my friends and my home are in danger. I have to do this.

Angella: I know

Glimmer: Mom I... wait, what?

Angella: I've been trying all these years to mold you into someone more like me... but you're too stubborn and hotheaded, and brave.. like your father. [summons a staff] This was your father's staff, I think it's time you had it.

[Glimmer, teary-eyed, grabs hold of the staff and hugs her mom. A large something causes the building to shake, rubble to fall from the ceiling, the squad to be shaken from inside the armory.]

Adora: They're here. [takes out sword] For the honor of Grayskull!

[Adora becomes She-Ra]

[The team hurries outside, in their battle clothes, and sees the Horde down by the water. Adora, looking overhelmed, is comforted by her friends.]

Bow: We got this. Right?

Adora: Yeah...[looks at Glimmer]. Definitely.

Glimmer: They're going to be sorry they ever tried to mess with Bright Moon.

[The Horde Tanks begin firing green balls of energy at the runestone.]

Adora: Defend the Castle.

[Adora Leaps up and slices the energy ball in half, landing in the water below. She swipes her sword through the water and the water propels back and pushes the tanks back toward the forest. She slices off the top and tosses the hatch to the ground, but looking down, notices a bit late that they've been rigged to explode. She's hurdled back into the water by the explosion but manages to find her way to her feet before being assaulted by skiffs shooting lasers.]

Glimmer: Adora! [Sees the moonstone dim, Glitches] She-Ra need's our help.

Angella: Go to her. I'll keep The Moonstone lit in the darkness away from the battlefield as long as I can

Swift-Wind: You heard the Queen [Lets Glimmer and Bow onto his back] For the rebellion!

[Bow and Glimmer take off, Angella heads to the stone and nurtures it's fading light, causing the stone to release a wave of blue light that knocks all their enemies to the ground. She-Ra faces down a still powered skiff, running her sword down its side as it runs past her. The person jumps from the machine just before it crashes. Spider machines that shoot lasers come from the forest, it's shot from an unknown person and falls to the ground. She-Ra looks up and see's Glimmer and Bow overhead on Swiftwind, laughing. Glimmer jumps down from Swift Wind and stabs the butt of her Staff into a Spider machine, jumping away before it explodes. Bow fires arrows from the back of Swift Wind, taking out another Spider Machine. She-Ra throws her sword at a Spider machine, crippling another. She then retrieves her sword and hearing a machine fire, looks back in time to see part of the castle be destroyed by a blast. Finding the machine, she turns her sword into a shield and intercepts another blast, refracting the beam and causing her to be knocked back into the water. Breathless, she turns to look at the Moonstone and is caught unaware by a green blast, which knocks her to the ground and causes her to lose her shield in the water. In clear pain and without a weapon, she searches the water for her shield, vision dimming, looks up to see Catra watching her from atop a tank.]

Catra: Hey Adora.

Adora: Catra [She grinds out] Surprised to see me?

Catra: Not really, I figured it wouldn't be that easy to get rid of you.

[Adora growls and runs at Catra, slamming her fists into the Tank Catra had been standing on, crushing it. Catra flips easily onto a floating rock, unamused.]

Catra: You know, I'm actually glad you did make it out of there alive.... because now.. [her claws come out] I can take you out myself.

[Catra leaps from the rock, claws at the ready, and slashes straight for us. Meanwhile, Bow and Swiftwind are working with Glimmer, who is knocking out Horde soldiers with her Staff.]

Scorpia: Well isn't that nice? You've accessorized! Not that it's going to help you!

[Spinnerella flies down between them and blows Scorpia away with her strange wind powers. Netossa tosses a net-ball at Scorpia, netting her and her gang.]

Netassa: Boom! Nets!

{Adora and Catra continue their fight. Adora swings her sword and Catra jumps out of range, Adora swings her fist, Catra leaps out of range, Adora kicks and Catra is already way out of reach. Adora punches at Catra, but her fist hits the wall where Catra had been, Catra having evaded her again. Catra laughs as Adora swings again and misses. Adora punches, and punches and punches, but Catra slips by her over and over again. But this time, Catra swings up and manages to connect. Angry, Adora punches, but Catra has already jumped beyond her reach.]

Catra: Tired already? I thought punching was supposed to be like-- the one thing you're good at.

[Adora throws a pebble at her which hits her between the eyes]

Adora: And I thought you were supposed to be quicker.

[Adora jumps up at her and Catra screams in panic as Adora swings her fists again. Catra jumps away, but she's pushed to the edge of a cliff. Adora swings again, but Catra jumps down, somersaults and lands on a floating stone below. Before she can get a break, she looks up and sees Adora jumping after her. Adora pulverizes the stone, causing them both to fall to the ground, albeit on their feet.]

Adora: Give it up Catra, there's no way you win this.

Catra: [Sneers] I already made it a lot further than anyone thought I would.

[Catra kicks up a large stone, causing Adora to block with her forearm and lose sight of her. Using this advantage, Catra climbs up on the rocks and uses the leverage to push off and swipe at Adora, she misses, as Adora swings her fist forward, however Catra uses this opportunity to flip onto Adora's back and run her claws down her shoulder blades.

Catra: You on the other hand, you're not looking so good.

[Adora reaches back and grabs Catra's arm, holding her to her as she slams her back into the rock wall so hard the wall crumbles. Adora then falls forward and swings back at Catra, but catra jumps away before she can connect. Catra laughs.]

Adora: This isn't over!

Catra: OF COURSE it's not over!

[Catra lands on Adora's back, pushing her to the ground, and scrapes her claws across her cheek, causing Adora to scream in pain].

Catra: It won't be over until Bright Moon is destroyed and the rebellion falls. It won't be OVER until darkness covers Etheria forever. And it won't be over until I see the looks on your friends' faces when they find out you failed. That you were too WEAK to save them!

[something snaps in Adora, she lights up and carves a large boulder from the ground and throws it into the floating rock Catra had been perching on. Catra falls, but manages to hold onto the side of a cliff, dangling by four fingers. Adora reaches down, grabs her by her shirt, pulls her up and slams her into a stone wall.]

Adora: Enough! You've lost Catra.

Catra: [Smiling] You sure about that?

[Adora glances to her left. A multitude of tanks fire at Bright Moon, Spiders, and skiffs aiming for the moonstone, which is barely lit by Queen Angella. Adora watches as the forcefield generated by Angella shatters, the Queen too weak to hold it together, The Lasers reach the Moonstone and Angella hastily builds a forcefield around herself, forcing her energy into the stone.

Catra: What? Did you really think this was about you?

[catra jumps from Adora's grip, pushing Adora to the ground in her daze.]

Catra: That Runestone is your last defense.... isn't it? HAHAHAHA! Have fun!

[Glimmer knocks lasers away, but there are too many. A wave of Gold light bursts from the Moonstone.]

Glimmer: NO! [looking back at the stone, she Glitches]

[Queen Angella screams, funneling all her strength into keeping the runestone lit. She looks back and sees a Spider heading towards her, but she knows if she stops the stone will go dark. On the ground, Glimmer fights to reach her mother, but is intercepted by Scorpia.]

Scorpia: So where were we? Oh yeah, I Was about to punch you!

[Adora fights the Horde in the water, kicking and punching and throwing them over her shoulder]

Adora: Where's my shield? {She searches the water]

[Before she can find it, she's roped by an electrical cord manned by a horde soldier. Another follows suit. Until she's ropes on four sides by electrifying cordage, forcing her to her knees. She screams. Bow nocks a random solder out with his bow and, looking down, he notices Adora's shield in the water.]

Bow: uuh ohh. [He hears Adora's screams and finds her bound by the electrocuting ropes, pulled tight by four horde soldiers.]

[Angella is at her breaking point. she seems to not have anything left. A spider fires at her and she manages to avoid being hit. She looks back and sees the spider nearly upon her. She holds the stone with one hand and fires back at the spider, but it merely stuns it. Fearing she hasn't any more power, she forms a shield around herself and focuses on the stone. The Shield is too weak, and when the spider fires, it slams her into the walls of the platform. Unconscious, the stone goes dark. Glimmer, mid battle with Scorpia, sees the light go out. She gasps in horror as the stone is fired upon once more and red lightning surrounds it. Angry, she glitches]

Scorpia: Huu, Pretty!

[Back in the Fright Zone, Entrapta is with the Black Garnet. She pushes down her welders mask and watches the stone with a sad face. Adora is still tied up and on her knees. She see's Catra approach her, eyes dimming.]

Catra: Now, it's over.

[Adora falls forward, exhaustion and pain winning. Catra turns back to the Moonstone, now dead in the sky. Glimmer, glitching, fights back Scorpia and somehow activates her staff with the power of the Glitch, using the power to push Scorpia off the staircase they'd been fighting on and into the water below.]

Swift-wind: Come on!

[An unconscious Angella is about to be obliterated by a Spider. Glimmer sees from above, and jumps from Swift Wind into the spider, damaging it enough for swift-wind to kick off the platform. ]

Glimmer: Oh mom!

Swift-Wind: Princess!

[Adora looks up, bound and on her knees, at Catra, vision doubled. Suddenly, the wind picks up and pushes Catra and the Horde Soldiers away. Netossa, Spinnerella, and Bow appear in a gust of wind, courtesy of Spinnerella.]

Bow: Adora? Adora!

[Netassa throws a net ball at Catra, but instead of capturing Catra, it actually forms a shield around her and her comrades. Bow struggles to help Adora.]

Bow: Come on, [pushes the cords off of her] Don't give up yet. Please! We can still fix this, right? [Hands her her shield] Please tell me we can fix this.

[Adora looks at her self in her reflection, feeling defeated. She watches as Catra and the Horde prepare for another barrage of laser fire, the castle is in ruins, the stone is black.]

Adora: ah.. I.. I am sorry, [ominous, sad, whispery music]

Bow: it's okay, [Hugs her]

[Spinnerella, Netassa, Bow and Adora all embrace, waiting for the end. Catra and the Horde prepare to fire. But suddenly, Adora's gemstone begins to glow, and water begins to float. Miraculous music begins to play and a torrential wave comes barreling in manned by none other than Mermista]

Sea Hawk: inaudible [tries to light boat on fire, gets drenched]

Mermista: Don't do that.

Sea Hawk: Sorry.

[The wave grows, arcing over Adora's head. Mermista focuses and raises her arms, forming a cave-like structure over her friends as she forces the wave toward the Horde. She pushes the horde away and deboards her ship in a flow of magical water, accompanied by Sea Hawk.]

Adora: Mermista! Sea Hawk! You Came!

Mermista: Yea- sorry it so long, the sea kiiiinda sucked today.

[Catra, waterlogged, coughs and looks back at her men, half drowned.]

Catra: Come on, GET UP!

[Vines wrap around the still moving Horde, pulling them toward the ground and pinning them to trees. They bind the tanks and weave around Catra, flower petals fall from the sky. A vine riding Perfuma comes from the depths of the forest, covering the trees with pink flowers in her wake.]

Perfuma: I saw the distress beacon are you all okay?

[Adora looks to her friends, and they all prepare to fight once more, their morale restored by the princesses. Adora herself glows brightly. Catra breaks her vines and frees herself, watching Adora's strange glow. Then she leaps into a Tank and aims for the Moonstone, firing directly at it. The beam slams into the platform's single column, shattering it and causing it to tip with Queen Angella and Glimmer still atop it. ]

Adora: No!

[Then it's frozen, and reinforced by ice. Catra's hands are covered in frost. She looks up to see glaciers of ice slam up from the ground, forming a wall between the Horde and Adora and her friends. In skates Frosta on a narrow slide of ice. She flips to the ground]

Frosta; I hope I'm not too late.

[Adora glows.]

Adora: No! You're right on time!

[Adora turns to Catra, who growls, but Adora closes her eyes, still glowing, turns her shield back into a sword and swings it over her head.]

Adora: FOR ETHERIA!

[The stone in her sword lights, she lights and glows even brighter than before, nearly blinding everyone and whiting out the screen. Glimmer is seen shielding her eyes from the light.]

Angella; Glimmer?

Glimmer; [Runs to her mom's arms] MOM!

[She-Ra's light snakes past Glimmer and into the stone, giving it light once more, and rejuvenating queen Angella. The stone shakes and bursts with a blinding gold light that forces all the darkness away. The light reaches all kingdoms, restoring all runestones to their natural strength and completely darkening the Black Garnet. Queen Angella, now restored, heals Glimmer's glitching, giving her back her ability to teleport, much to her delight.]

Angella: Go on. Go get them

[Glimmer then teleports away, whilst Queen Angella cultivates the Stone.]

Glimmer: YES!

Bow: Ha Ha, Glimmer! Your sparkling again!

Glimmer: Yeah! What I miss?

Adora: The Princesses are united! This is how it's supposed to be.

Mermista: What do you say? Ready to finish this?

Perfuma: [laughs] Thought you'd never ask

Netassa: We're in

Frosta: Let's do this already

[Everybody breaks away and begins to fight. Suddenly, Adora looks down at the Runestone in her sword, and Glimmer and Bow touch it. Glimmer glows pink, Bow's chest piece glows red. Everyone joins, and equally they glow their respective colors, except Sea Hawk, who's just there for moral support is seems. Catra growls, but before she can do anything, Adora raises her sword and a rainbow of power cascades from her friends, washing all Horde from Bright Moon. Everyone cheers.]

Sea Hawk; ADVENTURE!

[Catra and Scorpia are seen escaping via skiff.]

Bow: Adora, it's over! Bright Moon is saved.

Glimmer: And the princesses are finally united! We did it!

Mermista: That is how it's done in the SEA, really good job

Netossa: GOOD job Girls! ON to the next.

Frosta: Yeah! We did things ToGEther!

Perfuma: Isn't this wonderful! Ha ha!

[Queen angella comes down to share in the victory. Glimmer runs to her and hugs her, and Angella beckons the rest of the squad to join their celebratory hugs. Bow drags Adora in and they all embrace, even swift wind.]

Angella: Thank you.

[Adora powers down to her normal self, tears in her eyes, still caught between her two friends. Meanwhile, Catra failed, and must face Hordak.:

Hordak: Force Captain, it seems your experiment has failed

Entrapta: ON THE CONTRARY! The experiment was a huge success, I know more about first one's tech than ever, this is Just the beginning.

Catra: I got us closer to conquering Bright Moon than anyone ever has, not to mention the whispering woods is still in ruins. Etheria is ours for the taking.

[Hordak stands]

Hordak: Very Well, force captain Catra.... you will have other chances to prove your worth to me... As my second in command,
