Catra: The cities forces have all fled. Dryl is ours.

Scorpia: All right. I mean I guess it, kind of, was already ours since they're Princess is on our side and all, but the banners, they really make it feei official.

Catra: Where are you?

Scorpia: That is a great question and the answer is "I do not know". Yea, this place is some kind of maze.

Catra: (sighs) There. That's me. Follow it out when you're done. And hurry up we have work to do.


She-Ra (grunting as she battles EKS in a simulation)

Adora: Whewh, getting pretty good huh?

Light Hope: You have shown improvement. But your attack would have been 57% more effective if you had support from your steed. It is time to bring Swift Wind into your training.

Adora: Um, shouldn't I work on mastering my own abilities first?

Light Hope: As She-Ra, your sacred connection with your steed is as important as any of your physical abilities. He is a part of you, your destinies are intertwined.

Swift Wind: They sure are! Hi, Adora! I've been here a while but there wasn't a good time for me to make my grand entrance, until now.

Light Hope: I requested his presence. The time has come for the two of you to forge your sacred-- (glitching noises)


Glimmer: What do you mean? "Entrapta's alive"?

Bow: I couldn't figure out how the Horde was making such big technological advances. But it all makes sense now. They must be holding Entrapta prisoner. I found First Ones tech in this bot. This is what Entrapta was experimenting on before she...

Glimmer: Before we left her behind in the Fright Zone.

Bow: We didn't know.

Glimmer: It doesn't matter. We should have gone back for her. We should've tried. She got captured trying to save us. Well, we're not just leaving her there now. We've got to rescue her.

Bow: How? We can't just walk into the Fright Zone. That's how we got in this mess in the first place.

Glimmer: Maybe we don't have to. Look.

Bow: No, the Horde took Dryl.

Glimmer: We just got word. The Horde has Entrapta, now they have Dryl. The timing can't be a coincidence.

Bow: Of course. They're making her use her own lab.

Glimmer: We're going to Crypto Castle, we'll find Entrapta and bring her back. No Princess left behind.

Bow: Yes! Totally on board. Let's get Adora.

Glimmer: Adora is out training with Light Hope.

Bow: What about the other Princesses?

Glimmer: Entrapta got taken trying to save us, Bow. I'm not going to be responsible for losing anyone else.


Adora: Uhhh, Light Hope?

Swift Wind: Did I break her? Was it when I went through her head?

(bang!) Swift Wind and Adora (exclaim)

Light Hope: The time has come for the two of you to forge your sacred bond. --I -- Is there something wrong?

Swift Wind: Well, I, yea. You kind of froze there for a second.

Adora: Are you okay?

Light Hope: Forgive me, my system is overloading. I may have to delay today's training so that I can rest.

Adora: Is there anything that I can do to help?

Light Hope: Perhaps. This is the Watchtower. Once it allowed me to access my planetary mainframe. But it was destroyed by Mara when she lost control and attacked the planet. I have been functioning at only a fraction of my power ever since. If you can repair the Watchtower, my capabilities will improve, and training can commence.

Adora: Fix the Watchtower, got it.

Light Hope: Only then -- (glitching noises)

Adora: Okay, so we're just gonna... We're just gonna go.



Bow: Any sign of Entrapta in the castle?

Glimmer: Nothing. And as usual that place is impossible to navigate.

Kyle: Hello? Please say you're on your way back. I need backup! Entrapta's new invention has lost it!

Entrapta: Bot #437 seems to be having some sort of existential crisis. Down, boy, down! (screaming)

Catra: Pull it together Kyle, you're fine.

Entrapta: Stop it! Please, why are you doing this to me?

Bow: Entrapta, she's really alive.

Glimmer: And they're hurting her.

Bow: Wait!

Glimmer: Where is she?


Bow: Glimmer we've got to get out of her now!

Catra: Get them!


Bow: Wait. Isn't this where we started?

Glimmer: I hate this place!

Catra: I see the rebels have sent their finest.


Glimmer: Bow!

Bow: Glimmer, wake up!

Catra: What did you just do to me?


Bow: Get back.


Swift Wind: [singing] Adora and Swift Wind, on an adventure. Fix'n a thing that Mara broke. When she went nuts.

Adora: Swift Wind, could you not do that?

Swift Wind: Just trying to keep us entertained while we look for this Watchtower. Any sign of it?

Adora: There's nothing here but grass. Maybe Light Hope got the location wrong.

Swift Wind: No, I don't think she did. I definitely sense something here, something ancient and magical.

Adora: Where?

Swift Wind: I'm not sure. Perhaps if we were to combine our efforts, my intuitive powers might increase.

Adora: No that's ok. I just, just have to keep looking. It has to be here somewhere.

Swift Wind: I could be wrong, but I'm sensing something's bothering you.

Adora: I'm just really focused on fixing Light Hope. Like you should be.

Swift Wind: No, you're troubled about something else. As your magnificent steed I am attuned to your emotions.

Adora: Okay, can you stay out of my head, please?

Swift Wind: I'm not in your head. You're just very bad at hiding your feelings. Is it about me?

Adora: I'm fine and no, it's not about you.

Swift Wind: Is it Bow? Glimmer? Catra? The Horde? The crushing weight of your new responsibilities as the savior of Etheria?

Adora: Stop. I'm fine, I promise. Just... let me think.

Swift Wind: Okay. I'm gonna do a few loop-de-loops.

Adora: Hey! Swift Wind.

Swift Wind: What's up?

Adora: I think I found the Watchtower.


Bow: We took a hostage! We're supposed to be the good guys. Maybe we should just let her go...

Glimmer: Let her go? Did she let us go? No! She let the Horde torture us.

Bow: Uh, yeah, because she's a bad guy.

Glimmer: Listen. We didn't mean for this to happen. But it did, and now we should use it to our advantage. We're taking you to Bright Moon. If your people want you back they'll have to give us Entrapta.

Catra: Entrapta? Who's that?

Glimmer: We know you have her! Where is she? What are you doing to her?

Bow: Glimmer.

Catra: Ohhh, Entrapta. You mean the Princess you left behind to die? Ha. Don't worry. We're taking good care of her.

Glimmer: On your feet Horde scum.

Catra: Whoops. I can't walk. Unless you want to untie me.

Glimmer: Nice try. I'll just teleport us there.

Bow: Uh, Glimmer, can I talk to you real quick? Bright Moon is pretty far away. Shouldn't you wait until we get closer to teleport us there? You don't want to run out of power and get us stuck out here. Especially with her.

Glimmer: Fine.


Swift Wind: Wow. Mara really did a number on this place.

Adora: So, let's put it back together. For the Honor of Grayskull!


Swift Wind: She-Ra and Swift Wind. Forging a sacred bond. Fixing a magic tower. With a magical sword.


Bow: Hey, are you okay?

Catra: Like you care.

Bow: We do, actually. The Rebellion treats it's prisoners with compassion.

Catra: You princess-types have to be about the bleeding hearts. Everything with you is about the power of friendship. How's that working out for you?

Bow: Come on. I bet even the Horde has friends. What about Adora?


Bow: You two grew up together, right? What was she like as a kid?


Bow: Glimmer and I have known each other forever too. She'd teleport to the roof to get my lost arrows when I was learning to shoot.

Catra: Wow, you two must be really close? Sounds like Glimmer would do anything for you, huh?

Bow: Absolutely. She's my best friend.

Catra: Good to know.



Glimmer: Bow!


Catra: Oh, hey princess.

Glimmer: How are you such a nightmare?!

Catra: Ah, years of practice.

Bow: Can we please discuss this when we're not hurtling to our deaths?

Glimmer: You know what? I'm ready to see if cats really do land on their feet?

Bow: Please don't do that, she is attached to me! Glimmer!

Glimmer: (scoffs) Okay.


Glimmer: Not a fan of water huh? Get off of me!

Bow: Glimmer! Help!


Bow: Okay, ready to be rescued from this whenever you are.

Glimmer: Just need a minute to rest.

Bow: Um, what could you do with ten seconds?

Catra: Seriously? You guys are terrible at this.

Catra: At least we're all in one piece. Can't say the same for Entrapta.


Bow: Glimmer, are you ok?

Catra: Aww. What's wrong? Sleepy after all that magic?

Glimmer: I'm fine. You're not worth my time. C'mon, it's a long walk to Bright Moon. Put more ropes on her.




Scorpia: What do you mean there's no sign of her? Where could they have gone? Think, think Scorpia. Do we tell Hordak? Send out a search-party? Put up posters? How are we gonna find Catra? I mean if somebody has touched a hair on her head, I don't know... huh?



Scorpia: (gasps) Oh, she's signaling us. We can follow this right to her. Catra, you beautiful genius, I'm coming!



Swift Wind: Try concentrating. Focus the She-Ra. She-Ra...

Adora: I can't concentrate when you're distracting me! This worked in Salineas.

Swift Wind: Hey, you know what might help? Loop-de-loops, with me. Get on my back.

Adora: Swift Wind, you're not taking this seriously.

Swift Wind: I'm just saying everything's better with loop-de-loops.

Adora: It's fine, I got this.


Adora): Still got this.


Catra: I don't know about you guys, but I'm beat. Getting held hostage is so much work. (yawns) Almost as exhausting as torturing Entrapta every day.

Glimmer: Uhg. Just ignore her.

Catra: You're looking pretty tired too princess. Running out of glitter?

Glimmer: Bow, can't you keep her mouth shut?

Bow: I tried, but she bites.

Glimmer: How did Adora take years of this? She didn't run away from the Horde, she ran away from you.

Catra: And where is she now? Off being She-Ra? Get used to it. You think she's not going to leave you behind, too, Sparkles?

Scorpia: Don't move!

She-Ra: How's that look?

Swift Wind: You know what? I don't think that one goes there after all. In fact, it might be upside down. Maybe you should take it all apart and start again? You seem stressed. Why don't we list all our favorite things until we feel better? I'll go first. Apples, hay, toppling unjust hierarchies, apples... Wait, I said that already.

She-Ra: What are you doing?

Swift Wind: I'm helping! I'm She-Ra's steed and that's what I do.

She-Ra: This isn't helping! Can you just...

Swift Wind: Adora!


Scorpia: Catra, are you okay? Did they hurt you? I will crush them.

Glimmer: She's fine. We want to make a trade. We'll release Catra if you release Entrapta.

Catra: I have a better trade. You release me right now or we'll finish Entrapta off once and for all.

Bow: What?

Glimmer: She's bluffing.

Catra: Scorpia, get Kyle on the comm.

Entrapta: No, no, no! Wait! Oh no.

Kyle: Force Captain, I knew you'd call me back. What do I do?

Catra: If you don't hear back from me in thirty seconds, take Entrapta out.

Kyle: What?

Entrapta: Just relax. We'll figure this out. Everything's okay.

Glimmer): Two can play at that game.

Scorpia: Catra! If you touch her again...

Catra: Easy there Big Gal, she's not going to try anything. They're noble rebels after all. They play by the rules.

Bow: Glimmer, stop!

Glimmer: This isn't fair. After everything she's done? After what she did to us? We're just supposed to let her go? How do we know they'd really get rid of Entrapta, Bow? They need her.

Bow: We can't take that chance. We're not them.

Scorpia: Oh. Oh! Come here! Come on. I'm just so glad this nightmare is over.

Catra: Wow. I didn't think you'd actually buy that.

Glimmer: We held up our end of the bargain. Now, show us that Entrapta's alive.

Catra: You and Adora are perfect for each other, I'll give you that. Earnest, naive, ridiculously easy to manipulate. It's adorable. And it's why you're never going to win. (comm tablet beeps) Kyle, if you actually took me seriously just then, call it off.

Entrapta: Kyle isn't available at the moment.


Entrapta: But I've got it under control. Don't worry, this was just the prototype. The next model will be much, much bigger.

Bow: Entrapta? What's going on?

Catra: Oh hey. You wanna talk to her?

Entrapta: Oh, hi Bow. What are you doing there?

Glimmer: Just hang on Entrapta, we're going to rescue you.

Entrapta: Oh good! Rescue me from what?

Glimmer: From the Horde!

Entrapta: Oh, well, that's nice of you. But all of my stuff is here now, so probably I'll just stay. Thanks anyway though.

Bow: Entrapta, are you on the Horde's side now?

Entrapta: I'm on the side of science. But I am living at the Fright Zone now, and the Horde is supplying me with tools and materials for my work. So, yes? I guess?

Catra: Did I forget to mention that? Ha. Oops.

Entrapta: But don't worry about me. I love it here. I've made unbelievable progress in my research. And the Horde has been so supportive. I'm getting closer every day to unraveling the mysteries of Etheria. Hacking the Black Garnet was just the first step.

Bow: That was you?

Catra: So much for the power of friendship.

Bow: Come on Glimmer, lets go. Glimmer?

Swift Wind: Adora! Adora! Are you okay?

Adora: I don't know what I'm doing. I don't even know what this Watchtower is supposed to do or how it's supposed to help.

Swift Wind: If that's the case then why are you doing all of this anyway?

Adora: I need to be a better She-Ra than Mara. I need to know how to control my powers so I don't hurt people like she did. Light Hope is the only one that can teach me, and she's broken.

Swift Wind: You're really freaking out about this Mara thing aren't you?

Adora: How could I not? She ruined everything. And I don't know how to fix it.

Swift Wind: I'm sorry I didn't take this mission more seriously. The truth is, I'm just so excited to be your steed. I guess I just got carried away.

Adora: I'm sorry I dragged you into this with me. You were just a horse before I accidentally zapped you with my sword. If it we'rent for me, you would've been able to live out the rest of your days carefree in a nice pasture in Thaymore.

Swift Wind: Adora, I wouldn't trade my voice and my wings for anything. I've got the chance to change the world now. To make it better than when I found it. I can't imagine ever going back. Can you?

Adora: No. I don't think I can.

Bow: Glimmer!

Catra: Forget the princess, she's got no power! Get him!

Glimmer: I'm not as naive as you think. Turns out I saved a little magic, just for you! (blows a raspberry)


Scorpia: No!

Adora: Is this...?

Swift Wind: Our sacred bond?

Swift Wind: This is it. This is what I've been sensing. This is the epicenter.

Adora: She-Ra destroyed this place, now it's up to She-Ra to fix it. For the honor of Grayskull!



Swift Wind: Don't worry, I got this. Loop-de-loops!

She-Ra: Woo-hoo! (chuckles) Wow!

Swift Wind: Not a bad team. Looks like we're getting the hang of this.


Light Hope: Then I will be back to operation... My sensors indicate they fixed it. Good.


Bow: At least we know for sure that Entrapta's alive, and working for the Horde, making weapons to wipe us out.

Adora: Hey guys. You'll never guess what Swift Wind and I did today. We restored a First Ones' Watchtower so Light Hope can balance the planet, and we brought a whole field back to life and... What happened to you?

Glimmer: Oh Adora, we've got a lot to catch you up on.
