Shadow Weaver: Please keep your bot out of my flower beds.

Scorpia: Oh! Oh, sorry about that.



Scorpia: Emily! Emily, come here!



Scorpia: No! Not in the skull plant things!



Scorpia: So uh, they let you have your own garden here? Aren't you a prisoner? Am I prisoner? Everyone's been so nice. How come we're not, you know, in a prison? Is this garden a prison?


Shadow Weaver: It wasn't, until today.

Scorpia: Oh! Heh, heh! Right, right, sorry!



Scorpia: I-I'm not even here! Just a garden away..


Scorpia: Emily! What did I just say? I said, stay out of the skull plants!

Scorpia: Bad bot! Bad! I said, drop it!



Glimmer: Scorpia!



Shadow Weaver: Your majesty, you're back. Did you find what you were looking for?

Glimmer: Yes. Light Hope told me everything I need to know, and I have a plan.

Shadow Weaver: A plan? Excellent, we should discuss-


Glimmer: Scorpia, I need your help.

Scorpia: Me?

Glimmer: You're the only person who can save Etheria. We need you to reconnect to the Black Garnet.

Shadow Weaver: What? Your majesty, I don't understand. We should reconvene with the other princesses and-

Glimmer: The other princesses are gone. But it's fine!

Shadow Weaver: Gone?

Glimmer: I said it's fine. I have a plan-

Scorpia: Gone where?

Glimmer: Okay, would anyone else like to interrupt me?

Gaurd: I'm sorry your majesty, but Double Trouble has escaped.



Entrapta: Wow, I can't believe we're all here on Beast Island at the same time. What an incredible coincidence.

Bow: Uh... It's not a coincidence. We came to find you.


Entrapta:Beast Island Log, tide cycle 37. I have confirmed that the outside world still exists. I founded princesses! Well, one princess, some sort of horse bird-hybrid, Bow, and...



Entrapta: I don't know you.

Micah: Yes you do. You stole my food.

Entrapta: Oh yeah! It was delicious!



Entrapta: Wasn't there another one of you?

Bow: Yes. Glimmer. You know her. And she's... not here.

Swift Wind: Can we talk about how I'm not a bird?

Adora: Entrapta, we have been looking all over on this island for you. Are you ok?


Entrapta: Of course I'm ok! Have you seen this place? An Island, full of technological monstrosities, each more deadly than the next? Its paradise!


Bow: Yeah, um, glad you're having fun, but we're kind of here to rescue you?

Entrapta: Rescue me? Did I not just rescue you?

Adora: Yeah.. that didn't go as planned.

Bow: We came to bring you back.We would've come sooner, but we had no idea you were here. We though you were still with Hordak.


Bow: Scorpia told us what happened. She and the other princesses are waiting for you at Bright Moon.


Adora: Entrapta, please. We need your help. We discovered what the First Ones and what they were doing to Etheria, a terrible secret that no one else knows.


Entrapta: You mean The Heart of Etheria? Why didn't you just say so?

Lonnie: Sorry. We didn't know you were in here. We'll just come back later.

Catra: Wait.

Catra: What's the report from the field?

Lonnie: We just got back from conquering another rebel town! The third one this week. So, you're welcome.

Kyle: Ah, you should've seen us! I was all:


Kyle: And then Rogelio, he was all


Catra: Watch it!

Lonnie: Calm down Catra! It's not like Scorpia needs it anymore.

Catra: You don't get to talk to me like that. I'm your commander. Got it?

Lonnie: What is wrong with you? We're winning! Even you should be happy.

Catra: Happy?


Catra: I'll be happy, when the Rebellion and She-Ra are gone for good! But that's never going to happen, with the three of you, goofing off all the time.

Catra: You are pathetic!


Kyle: Stay away from her!

Kyle: We used to be your friends. Why are you treating us like this?

Catra: Get out!


Double Trouble: Ouch! It's worse than I thought. You're a mess.

Catra: Double Trouble? Y-You came back? I mean, where were you? I thought um-


Double Trouble: You thought I left you?

Double Trouble: Apologies for the delay, Kitten. I got held up in Bright Moon. But don't worry, I brought something that might cheer you up.

Catra: Better be something good after all that.

Double Trouble: The time to strike the final blow to the Rebellion is upon us. The princesses aren't getting along, and most deliciously, She-Ra is gone.

Double Trouble: So..

Catra: Bright Moon is unprotected.

Double Trouble: Told you it would cheer you up.


Shadow Weaver: We must find Double Trouble at once. They know too much! We can't let them return to the Fright Zone!

Glimmer: Forget Double Trouble. They don't matter anymore. The only person we need is right here.

Shadow Weaver: Scorpia is not a true princess. She has never shown any connection to her Runestone.

Glimmer: But she will, as soon as we get her to the Black Garnet.

Shadow Weaver: Get her to the Black Garnet? Your majesty, you're not thinking this through. You cannot go to the Fright Zone now! You are without allies, without your prisoner, and without a plan!

Glimmer: I have a plan!

Shadow Weaver: My queen, listen to me. Think. Have I not only tried to help you?

Shadow Weaver: You are letting your emotions get the better of you. This plan is too risky. What would your mother say if she were here?

Glimmer: You don't get to talk to me about my mother. Besides. You, were the one who told me to decide what kind of queen I am. And I've decided. I'm the queen who's going to save Etheria.


Shadow Weaver: My queen.


Hordak: What is the meaning of this?

Catra: Oh sorry, I though you wanted to defeat the Rebellion. Because this is what that looks like.

Hordak: We are already spread thin from occupying so much territory.

Catra: We're occupying plenty. But not Bright Moon. Not yet. Double Trouble reported in. The princesses are in chaos, She-Ra is gone, and without their precious hero to protect the castle, well..

Hordak: we can strike the final blow to the Rebellion. When Bright Moon falls we will control all of Ehteria.

Catra: Big brothers going to be so impressed.

Hordak: Yes. This will show him what I am capable of. What we are capable of. Good work, Catra.

Hordak: Victory is ours.


Swift Wind: I don't like it here. The signal, it's getting louder again. I think we should go.

Micah: The talking horse is right. We should stay away. No one ever comes back from this part of the island.

Entrapta: Don't worry about the signal, it's better inside.

Bow: Inside where?


Bow: Wha-

Entrapta: Somewhere...


Entrapta: Aha! Ta da!


Entrapta: Come on! You're going to love it.


Swift Wind: Wow, this place is terrible. I hate it.

Adora: It's a First Ones Temple.

Entrapta: Isn't it amazing? The First Ones tried to their secrets by dumping them on Beast Island! The answers I've been looking for, they're all here!


Entrapta: My theories were correct. I knew the First Ones had retrofitted the planet with tech, I just didn't know why. But it all makes sense now! They were mining the planet's magic, using it to power their weapon, The Heart of Ehteria!

Entrapta: But of course you know all about The Heart of Etheria already, seeing as you're apart of it.

Adora: Wait, wait. Hang on. What?

Entrapta: All the princesses are. Hang on, I'll show you.


Entrapta: The Heart draws its power from the magic of the princesses. It needs all their Runestones engaged to work. And She-Ra is the most important piece, the key! She channels the weapon's power and focuses it.


Entrapta: She-Ra is the only being strong enough to withstand the destructive energy of The Heart.


Entrapta: So the First Ones made the sword to control her, to use her.

Entrapta: When The Heart is deployed, She-Ra will raise her sword and fire it!

Adora: She-Ra is the key.. That means I can stop it, right? If She-Ra fires the weapon, then I just won't do it.

Adora: Please, Entrapta, tell me I can stop it!

Entrapta: Once the planet is balanced, no one can stop it. Not even the First Ones could control it. That's why they left. When the weapon is activated it will channel all its power into you. You don't get to refuse.


Bow: But Etheria isn't balanced yet. Look! There's still one Runestone offline. We might still have a chance. Wait.

Bow: The Black Garnet. Scorpia.

Adora: Scorpia's with the Rebellion. You don't think Glimmer would-?

Bow: There's no way she would know Scorpia's the final piece. Right?

Adora: We have to get back to Bright Moon.

Glimmer: Scorpia! We need to go to the Black Garnet chamber now. My plan is going to work!


Glimmer: What's wrong? I thought you would want to be a princess?

Scorpia: Ok. I have been considering, I really appreciate the offer, but, I only came here to help Entratpa. I left the Horde, but I'm not gonna betray them. Or Catra.

Glimmer: This will save them. Horde Prime could be here at any moment. If he shows up and we're not ready to defend ourselves, everyone loses. Do you really think he'll need to keep Catra around?


Glimmer: We both want to save the people we love. But I can't do it without you.

Scorpia: It's hopeless.. What if the Black Garnet doesn't want me? I just.. kind of get rejected a lot.

Glimmer: Tell me about it. My best friends left me. Even before this, I was the weak princess, the one who had to recharge. Who didn't fit. But that's changed now. We've changed now. We're stronger than anyone knows. We can do this. We can save everyone.

Scorpia: Everyone?

Glimmer: You're not hopeless. You were born for this. And I'll help you. We're in this together. You're going to make a great princess.


Scorpia: Sorry, that was probably too much. Oh wow still going.

Scorpia: I'm in. So what now?

Glimmer: Now, we go to save the world.
